what color , s , appear on boxes of kodak film ?
what california idge was don brown the first to cross , on may 27 , 1937 ?
how do you correctly say the word qigong ?
where is logan airport ?
what baseball expression came from the nautical term for ships sailing between the atlantic and pacific before the panama canal ?
what author did photographer yousuf karsh call the shiest man i ever met ?
what war saw battles at parrot s beak and black virgin ?
what percentage of americans own their homes ?
what is a serigraph ?
how many real fruit juices are there in a can of hawaiian punch ?
what is ray bradbury s illustrated man illustrated with ?
what four forms does gold occur in ?
what is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?
what have you not let a tennis ball do if you volley ?
what beer is rockin america ?
which leg does a cat move with its left front leg when walking its left rear or right rear leg ?
what does laser stand for ?
what is a cake of soap ?
when was the great depression ?
what is a fear of sinning ?
what was al capone finally imprisoned for , in 1931 ?
who killed martin luther king ?
who says , if you don t look good , we don t look good ?
how many no answers was the what s my line ? panel allowed ?
where is basque country located ?
what sports event is meyer wolfsheim supposed to have fixed in the great gatsby ?
what are the historical trials following world war ii called ?
in what year was de gaulle elected president of france ?
how big is the electoral college ?
what are values ?
what multitalented academy award winning director failed a college course in motion picture production ?
what was the name of the us helicopter pilot shot down over north korea ?
how many jews were executed in concentration camps during wwii ?
what is mandibulofacial dysostosis ?
what famed strip of land is a 15 minute boat trip across the venetian lagoon from venice ?
what is the oldest website on the internet ?
what is software piracy ?
what is the name of the michelangelo painting that shows two hands with fingers touching ?
what is the global economy ?
where is the official zero of the sea level ?
what two countries is andorra nestled between ?
what japanese electronics company was named for a coastal city northeast of tokyo ?
what are chloroplasts ?
why did the shea gould law firm leave los angeles ?
what barroom judge called himself the law west of the pecos ?
what does ibm stand for ?
what s the last line of dickens s a christmas carol ?
why did several san diego schools stop serving apples to students ?
what film did louise fletcher win the best actress oscar for ?
how many stars are there on the soviet union s flag ?
which glamorous actress is a close friend of dick tracy ?
how does a copier work ?
which nba players had jersey number 0 ?
what is a term for behavior , appearance , or expression that violates the accepted standards of sexual morality ?
what state is niagara falls located in ?
what are darning needles and horse stingers better known as ?
how many inches apart are adjacent pins in tenpin bowling ?
what are the baltic states ?
what is the computer for the rest of us ?
what is a female rabbit called ?
what chess outcome results when a player has no legal move ?
how long does it take for spider man s web to evaporate ?
what is the busiest air travel season ?
what color flies closest to the staff on belgium s flag ?
cnn began oadcasting in what year ?
what country was kim philby really working for ?
what is website of the international court of justice ?
what is a fear of punishment ?
what river flows through vienna , budapest and belgrade ?
what causes rust ?
what ill fated craft was captained by ernst lehmann ?
what jules verne novel features scientists held captive in the submarine nautilus ?
who is the president of bolivia ?
what was the name of the computer in 2001 a space odyssey ?
what is the socratic method ?
name of scholar on whose literal translations from the chinese and japanese ezra pound depended ?
what u . s . state boasts leif ericson park ?
what is a fear of passing high objects ?
what would happen to canada if quebec separated ?
when does the average teenager first have intercourse ?
who does the voices of the simpsons ?
what product on the market is good for hiding facial scars ?
when superman needs to get away from it all , where does he go ?
what musical instrument did sherlock holmes play ?
what 19th century writer had a country estate on the hudson dubbed sunnyside ?
why is the universe flat , if it started by an explosion , shouldn t it be a sphere ?
what is california s state bird ?
when does the bible say the seasons started ?
what is a fear of food ?
what cocktail inspired john doxat to write the book stirred not shaken ?
how many innings constitute an official baseball game ?
what feud ended with a marriage in kentucky on march 21 , 1891 ?
what is the difference between ninjitsu and kung fu ?
name randy craft s lawyer .
what is the origin of beauty is in the eye of the beholder ?
where can i get a photograph of professor randolph quirk ?
what does salk vaccine prevent ?
what author was appointed u . s . ambassador to spain in 1842 ?
what bestselling modern poet was the co founder of the famous city lights bookshop in san francisco ?
where is the largest post office building in the world ?
how does color affect a person psychologically ?
on what t . v . show could tom terrific be found ?
how did the jack o lantern get it s name ?
what is the daily requirement of folic acid for an expectant mother ?
how many layers of yellow paint is a faber mongol pencil lucky enough to be sprayed with ?
what did a 16th century aztec athlete get for putting a rubber ball through a ring ?
what food of the three bears did goldilocks eat ?
what s the green variety of beryl called ?
name a flying mammal .
in what year was actress joan collins born ?
what new england state covers 5 . 9 square miles ?
what beer s name is translated as lion ew ?
who is luke skywalker s father ?
how large is missouri s population ?
what is the exchange rate between england and the u . s . ?
what country are you visiting if you land at president duvalier airport ?
what professional sports league originated the college draft ?
what mexican leader was shot dead in 1923 ?
what toy can you make sleep ?
what actor has a tattoo on his right wrist reading scotland forever ?
where did the 6th annual meeting of indonesia malaysia forest experts take place ?
what island was the target of the u . s . s operation urgent fury ?
what is the longest river in the united states ?
how much electricity does the ain need to work ?
who was the lawyer who represented randy steven craft ?
what s the common name for a japanese dwarf tree ?
what is p . m . an abeviation for , as in 5 p . m . ?
what basketball maneuver did bert loomis invent ?
what s the name of the temple that is located near the capital city of laos ?
who invented astroturf ?
what is mark mcgwire s e mail address ?
what two states is washington d . c . between ?
what computer operating system is on the most computers ?
what does antidisestablishmentarianism mean ?
what drug is often used to treat aids patients ?
what is the origin of the word assassinate ?
how did the great depression affect japan s history ?
what film marked robert redford s directorial debut ?
what is the current ticket fare from from cairo to barbados ?
how do i know how much money to save for retirement ?
what two countries coastlines border the bay of biscay ?
what sign is the best love match for a horoscope sign ?
who wrote the book , song of solomon ?
what international organization was founded by clara barton ?
what is a fear of everything ?
who was the lawyer for randy craft ?
who was the first black performer to have his own network tv show ?
what tv game show once saw a contestant admit to picking his toes in the shower ?
how do you fix squeaky floors ?
what did thomas paine write ?
why did egyptians shave their eyeows ?
what s men s par on a 455 yard golf hole ?
what is a cartesian diver ?
how many logarithmic scales are there on a slide rule ?
what was the first minimum wage ?
what holidays or observances are celeated in italy ?
what is hebephrenia ?
name the university of which woodrow wilson was president .
what book was f . scott fitzgerald working on when he died in hollywood in 194 ?
how do plants make food ?
who sings angel eyes from the 80 s ?
what was the monster in spielberg s film jaws ?
how far can you see ?
what is the definition of a cascade ?
what s distinctive about a palmiped s feet ?
how many questions are on this thing ?
who was quetzalcoatl ?
what does rca stand for ?
what is nero wolfe s favorite drink during office hours ?
who owns the rights on a tv program ?
why is thanksgiving on a thursday ?
what is the most popular last name ?
why are organ transplants more successful today ?
what are the languages spoken by the natives in afghanistan ?
what are bear and bull markets ?
name dick tracy s two children .
name of the lady the great gatsby pines for ?
how long after intercourse does it take to find out if you are pregnant ?
who wrote sons and lovers ?
who headed hitler s infamous gestapo ?
what is the origin of the word , magic ?
what company uses the unfamiliar faces of its celeity spokespeople to promote the use of its product ?
who was the bandleader mentor of ella fitzgerald with whom she cowrote a tisket , a tasket ?
what started in 1849 when gold was discovered at sutter s mill ?
what was the name of the television show , starring karl madsen , that had san francisco in the title ?
approximately how much does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?
what is money made of ?
what city is terrorized by dracula in the night stalker ?
who wrote the night of the iguana ?
what city is the kentucky horse park near ?
why are peanut butter cookies topped with crisscrosses ?
which rockefeller was sometimes called jdr3 ?
what year did charles dicken die ?
what island has a park called the battery at is southern tip ?
who was the author of john brown s body ?
who is the man behind the pig the man who pulls the strings and speaks for miss piggy ?
what was the only country in the western hemisphere to join the russian led boycott of the 1984 summer olympics ?
what is the definition of a witch ?
why did europeans first come to australia and oceania ?
who said soldiers win the battles and generals get the credit ?
what is the principal river of ireland ?
which college did dikembe mutombo play basketball at ?
what is the highest roman numeral ?
what s the world s longest suspension idge ?
what 1942 espionage movie reunited director john huston with maltese falconers humphrey bogart , mary astor , and sidney greenstreet ?
name the various costumed personas of dr . henry pym .
what was the name of darth vader s son ?
how far can a man travel in outer space ?
what causes asthma ?
what is the claim to fame of agra , india ?
what is the definition of cecum ?
what s the second most used murder weapon in the u . s . ?
where is south bend ?
why can t ostriches fly ?
what was nine tailors , the television show from 1974 , about ?
what two south american countries do n t border brazil ?
what is the estimated total u . s . whitetail deer population ?
what does the e stand for in the equation e mc2 ?
what famous meat company went out of business because it became known that the underworld had been selling them kangaroo meat ?
what are the different approaches of systems analysis ?
where was lincoln assassinated ?
what is the poetic meter of blank verse ?
what nevada center has been dubbed the biggest little city in the world ?
how many electoral college votes does colorado have ?
what is the habitat of the chickadee ?
how many grooves are on a dime ?
what apostle is taylor caldwell s great lion of god ?
what is a jake ake ?
how many john deere tractors have been manufactured ?
what isps exist in the caribbean ?
what city s airport is named logan international ?
what is the amount of money owed for illegally having a dog on a beach ?
what s the third month of the gregorian calendar ?
what s a male witch called ?
where can i find a website that gives comparisons of good prices ?
what did john f . kennedy consider his greatest blunder in office ?
what year were the olympic games played in where nadia comaneci became popular ?
what day of the week was july 13 ?
what does ekg stand for ?
what year did hitler die ?
what are maid rites ?
which killer whale died at sea world of a fungal infection ?
what s the term for any four sided figure ?
who was the 16th president of the united states ?
which police department made the largest cocaine seizure ever in ventura county ?
how is the word qigong pronounced ?
how do you find oxidation numbers ?
what city in the u . s . experienced the most growth recently ?
what is the average life expectancy of a male in ireland in 1996 ?
what is the student population at the university of massachusetts in amherst ?
where did woodstock take place ?
what chilean president was killed in a 1973 coup d etat ?
how many people have died of tuberculosis ?
how much did lucy van pelt originally charge for psychiatric sessions ?
what japanese city was once called edo ?
who was the columbia pictures head who forged actor cliff robertson s name on a 1 , 000 check ?
what were the last names of gangsters bonnie and clyde ?
what is candlemas day ?
what s the singular of dice ?
what do italians call florence ?
what features of the african elephant are larger than those of the indian elephant ?
what famous communist leader died in mexico city ?
what is a bone marrow transplant ?
what is a biologist ?
how long does it take light to reach the earth from the sun ?
what london museum features a chamber of horrors ?
what is the name of the company that manufactures the american girl doll collection ?
what is the recommended daily requirement for folic acid for pregnant women ?
what is a fear of childbirth ?
what are halloween s colors ?
what mystery writer penned . . . the glory that was greece , and the grandeur that was rome ?
what debts did qintex group leave ?
where can stocks be traded on line ?
what is the fastest growing comic strip of all time ?
what s a craps player called ?
how long do cardinal eggs incubate ?
what makes sperm ?
who sings the themes for dawson s creek and felicity ?
what is a fear of trees ?
who was the lead actress in the movie sleepless in seattle ?
what asian leader was known as the little brown saint ?
how many people live in the falklands ?
how long would it take for a savings bond to mature ?
what court does bob woodward describe in the brethren ?
who was william henry harrison ?
what president once told gene autry please give my regards to your wife dale ?
how can you contact play producers and promoters on line ?
what are the best ways to improve employee morale at low cost ?
how do i install a tile floor ?
woodrow wilson served as president of what university ?
what animal has the best hearing ?
when did amtrak begin operations ?
what is 55 times sweeter than cane sugar ?
who is karenna gore , al gore s oldest daughter , married to ?
who protects dc comics realm of dreams ?
what is dry ice ?
why does a woman have to be a virgin to be a nun ?
who was the first jockey to ride two triple crown winners ?
how many soldiers were involved in the last panama invasion by the united states of america ?
who made stonehenge ?
how many tiles did the space shuttle columbia lose on its second flight ?
what was a mae west on a world war ii battleship ?
what does choo choo charlie say ?
who killed jfk ?
what record company produced the 1978 movie the wiz ?
what one of the backstreet boys are single ?
who were leaders of the byzantine empire ?
how much did the iran contra investigation cost ?
how far can a human eye see ?
what country boasts the most cars per mile of road ?
what animal occurs in spielberg s jaws ?
what spy novelist served as moscow correspondent for reuter and the times of london ?
where can i find information on the cyclone that hit new jersey on 8 28 1941 ?
what was the u . s . highway death toll in 1969 ?
what was the highest mountain on earth before mount everest was discovered ?
in what state was there an 11 million gallon oil spill ?
what will a compass do in outer space ?
how many villi are found in the small intestine ?
what did 8 , cd nns vbp to vb nnp pos nn .
what was suzy parker doing to earn 1 , 000 in the early 1950 s ?
what record company was formed by herb alpert and jerry moss ?
what major airline has the best safety record in the world ?
how much energy is released when oxygen and hydrogen mix ?
what s the term for a young fox ?
what batman character tools around on a batcycle ?
what is the latitude and longitude of el paso , texas ?
how far is the longest hole in 1 on any golf course and where did it happen ?
how much iron is in your body ?
name one of the seven wonders of the ancient world .
what are john c . calhoun and henry clay known as ?
what 1927 silent film received an international revival in 1981 ?
why was henry ford s first automobile calleda model t his second type of automobile , introduced in 1928 , called a model a ?
what is the movie jonathan livingstone seagull ?
what country comes last in an alphabetical list ?
where are the headquarters of eli lilly ?
what are the top boy names in the u . s . ?
how many eyes does a coconut have ?
which infectious disease is the world s deadliest ?
which presidents of the usa were masons ?
who is count cinzano ?
aspartame is also called what ?
what organic fuel do bog dwellers use a slane to cut ?
who invented the horoscope ?
what organization is the security council a part of ?
what significant battle was fought in belgium in 1815 ?
what is a fear of disease ?
what are fortune 500 companies ?
on which flight did fawaz younis commit air piracy and hostage taking ?
what country s capital was formed when pesth and buda merged ?
what does a farrier put shoes on ?
what does an edentulous smile lack ?
what chapter of the bible has the most verses ?
how old was gene siskel ?
what is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42 . 3 quintillion potential combinations ?
when reading classified ads , what does eenty other stand for ?
what s the difference between carelessness and carefreeness ?
what is bill gates of microsoft e mail address ?
what direction do the best surfing beaches face ?
what s the olympic motto ?
how many people did randy craft murder ?
what louisiana senator won a seat that had been held by his father and mother ?
what is a golf ball made of ?
what year did montana become a state ?
what is the largest natural lake in pennsylvania ?
how many zip codes are there in the u . s . ?
what are amphibians ?
why do we call someone honey ?
how long was the oj simpson trial ?
what is the approximate population of las vegas , n . m ?
what is the soft drink for adults ?
how many feet high is the hurdle in front of a runner s steeplechase water jump ?
how many years ago did led zeppelin release its last album ?
what role do fruits play in the survival of plants ?
how do you solve rubik s cube ?
who is the nebbish that is marvel s official mascot ?
about how many americans are still unaccounted for from the vietnam war ?
name alvin s others
what is film noir ?
how would i find the price of different organs that have been donated ?
where is glasgow ?
what exactly is radiation ?
what is the name of dolly parton s rarely seen husband ?
what is the chromosome number of an elephant ?
what s the largest u . s . agricultural crop by weight ?
what is the population of arcadia , florida ?
where can i find full written draft of ctbt ?
what president had never held an elected office until he was elected to the white house ?
how many miles is it from ny to austria ?
name the islamic counterpart to the red cross .
what is goldfinger s first name ?
what is the regular price ?
what is the medical condition of hypertension ?
how many penny farthings are there on a trivial pursuit game board ?
what facial feature typically contains about 55 hairs ?
what wild and crazy guy wrote a book called cruel shoes ?
what city is sometimes called gotham ?
how do doctors diagnose bone cancer ?
what are all the southern states of the u . s . ?
how do you exterminate bees that are in the walls of your home ? will bee eggs remain over winter ?
what is black hills , south dakota most famous for ?
what spice do chefs pay the most for ?
what is limbo ?
what do the figures represent on the easter island ?
what is a specimen of basidiomycetes ?
what are the limits to self defense ?
what kentucky city calls itself the horse center of america ?
what will the increase be in the california gas tax by 2000 ?
what is the world s best selling cookie ?
what is cache memory ?
how do ants have sex ?
what knighted actor narrates tv s the world at war ?
how do you clean badly tarnished ass ?
what is michael jackson s father s name ?
what were first used by john l . sullivan and james j . corbett in 1892 ?
what is an aurora ?
how much waste does an average dairy cow produce in a day ?
when was the first flush toilet invented ?
what company s trademark was his master s voice ?
what is the full name of the plo ?
what s the main vegetable in vichyssoise ?
when was the san francisco fire ?
why does it say on children s cough syrup not to drive while using this medication ?
what percentage of the silver production is done by independent silversmiths ?
which japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market ?
what body of water does the danube river flow into ?
where is the world s most active volcano located ?
what is the origin of barbeque ?
what is osteichthyes ?
how many minutes were there on the original ge college bowl clock ?
where is the human skin least sensitive ?
name a film that has won the golden bear in the berlin film festival ?
what hockey player did ronald reagan joke he would swap texas for ?
how many cards are dealt to each player in gin rummy ?
how come light bulbs go out ?
what is the origin of the term blue moon , and how often do they occur ?
who reports the weather on the good morning america television show ?
what kind of substance is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?
who penned neither a borrower nor a lender be ?
when was the de beers company founded ?
who portrayed sherlock holmes in 14 films between 1939 and 1946 ?
what are the seven seas ?
what is the meaning of the name kathryn ?
when is president nixon s birthday ?
what is the name of the country which hitler ruled ?
how did lee harvey oswald purchase his rifle ?
what was the name of that popular song the creeps sang ?
what 1963 joseph l . mankiewicz film cost 28 million ?
what ocean is the largest in the world ?
how many american soldiers have died for their country to date ?
what ill fated american general dragged a bull terrier named willie through world war ii ?
what s been the ruin of many a poor boy in new orleans ?
when did mount st . helens last erupt ?
how many trees go into paper making in a year ?
what team did babe ruth play his first major league game for ?
who is the pope ?
what u . s . city is the queen of the pacific ?
what are the developmental stages of a swimmer ?
what company named one of its pens the banana ?
what city boasts penn s landing , on the banks of the delaware river ?
when was the first stained glass window made ?
what u . s . state records the least rainfall ?
what is a fear of odors , body , ?
what is the peloponnesian league ?
how many children does ray davies of the kinks have ?
who was the founding member of the pink floyd band ?
why did the globe theatre burn down ?
who followed caesar ?
what is the procedure called for drilling a hole in your skull to acheive a higher consciousness ?
what happened in the city of dogtown in 1899 ?
what are the titles of some r rated sony playstation games ?
where is procter gamble based in the u . s . ?
how much could you rent a volkswagen bug for in 1966 ?
how do you get bubblegum out of carpet ?
what is a pig in a poke ?
what are equity securities ?
rotary engines used to be made by whom ?
what do manatees eat ?
what cruise line does kathie lee gifford advertise for ?
what is humidity ?
how many rings are there on a five zone archery target ?
what are the names of all the seas in the world and what ocean do they drain into ?
what london street claims to be the world center for men s tailoring ?
what is the latitude and longitude of el paso , texas ?
what were baffin , frobisher and franklin looking for ?
where was i have fallen , and i can t get up said first ?
how do they produce vitamins ?
how many e commerce companies are started every day ?
what animal causes the biggest threat to humans ?
when did the bounty mutiny take place ?
what s the name of popeye s adopted son ?
what is the exchange rate for australian to american money ?
where is the orange bowl ?
what is idealab ! ?
how does one correctly pronounce qigong ?
which team won the super bowl in 1968 ?
how far is it from phoenix to blythe ?
how many characters are in the chinese alphabet ?
what plant is rum made from ?
where was chop suey invented ?
where did the sport of caber tossing originate ?
what s the largest u . s . city on the great lakes ?
what hungarian cardinal was first a state prisoner and then a refugee in the u . s . embassy 1956 1971 ?
what is the 7 minute cigarette ?
which of the following famous people does not paint as a hobby ?
in what year did thatcher become prime minister ?
what scandinavian country covers 173 , 732 square miles ?
what meat complemented sweet potatoes and peas in the first tv dinner ?
what will happen when sodium is put in water ?
how is cologne made ?
what shakespeare play opens with the line now is the winter of our discontent . . . ?
what is a leaky heart valve ?
where did the japanese imperial forces surrender to end wwii ?
what does a resurrectionist steal ?
what country offered albert einstein its presidency in 1952 ?
what is the difference between a board of directors and an advisory board ?
name a golf course in myrtle beach .
what was the proper laugh in respones to say goodnight , dick ?
what actress holds the record for the most appearances on the cover of life ?
how many points is a disk in the center hole worth in crokinole ?
what does the name justin mean ?
when was the first railroad from the east coast to the west coast completed ?
what is white chocolate ?
name the person who burst through the screen in the lite beer commercials .
what does g . m . t . stand for ?
what jewish holiday saw the start of the 1973 mideast war ?
what plants are found in an estuary ?
how many sonnets did shakespeare write ?
what was the name of the orca that died of a fungal infection ?
what country did the allies invade in world war ii s operation avalanche ?
how many states have a lottery ?
what s the most commonly spoken language in belgium ?
what is difference between a poster and a print ?
what famed river was hernando de soto the first european to see ?
name the food company that traveled to soviet georgia to film a series of ads .
when was the brandenburg gate in berlin built ?
what is a fear of sleep ?
when will jean aeul publish her next book ?
what is a fear of points ?
name the lawyer for randy craft .
what are the names of jack s original roommates on three s company ?
whose kidnaping was termed the crime of the century ?
how many liberty bells have there been ?
what contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?
who released the internet worm in the late 1980s ?
what are the major companies that are part of dow jones ?
what populous state covers 49 , 576 square miles ?
name the story by chris van allsburg in the which a boy tries to become a great sailor ?
what are the most common causes of death in the u . s . ?
what is dew point ?
how many movies has drew barrymore been in ?
what is rona barrett s married name ?
what is the homelite inc . home page ?
what corporation does madonna advertise for ?
what is the cost of the drugs used in tuberculosis treatments ?
what do the number 1 , 2 , and 4 mean on dr . pepper bottles ?
how many superbowls have the ers won ?
who was credited with saying i never met a man i did n t like ?
what is the longest english word ?
what do a diamond and lump of coal have in common ?
what appointments secretary to richard nixon went to jail ?
what is an example of a famous rock band from the sixties ?
what was originally defined as one 1 millionth of the distance from the equator to the pole ?
how can a foreigner get a u . s . social security card ?
how do you send a movie transcript to hollywood so that it can be produced into a film ?
what is the capital of italy ?
what international sport was originally called hurley ?
what color eyes are most sensitive to light ?
name the three races unleashed by the celestials in marvel comics .
what happened in dogtown in 1899 to make that year remembered ?
what is the average hourly rate of american workers ?
who was monet ?
what is the origin of the name igor ?
what is the difference between microprocessors microcontrollers ?
what effects do nitrates have on the environment ?
what is commonly considered the fifth sense ?
how long did the charles manson murder trial last ?
what is the nickname of pennsylvania ?
what year was the avery dennison company founded ?
how many people died when the estonia sank in 1994 ?
who patented the first phonograph ?
in what area of the world was the six day war fought ?
how can i find online spelling ?
what is the largest lake in north america ?
who won the rugby world cup in ?
how many letters appear with the numbers 2 to 9 on a telephone dial ?
who do herb and tootsie live next door to ?
what volcano showers ash on sicily ?
what u . s . state is dixville notch in ?
how fast does the fastest car go ?
what color are seven of every 10 houses in the u . s . ?
what does the six footed musca domestica become when it enters a house ?
how far out is the universe ?
what was a california prayer book to an old west gambler ?
why do eyes sometimes look red in photographs ?
how far away is the moon ?
on what river is strasbourg built ?
what is jimmy olsen s full name ?
who was the architect of central park ?
what are maid rites ?
what kind of organization is last chance for animals ?
what group was formed in 1969 after police met resistance from patrons at the stonewall , a greenwich village gay bar ?
what is the literal meaning of d day ?
how much did mercury spend on advertising in 1993 ?
what are the benefits of home school ?
what is the milky way ?
how much folic acid should an expectant mother get daily ?
in what u . s . state was the first woman governor elected ?
what is june s birthstone ?
where can i find information on the narragansett indians and other tribes in rhode island ?
who gave abbie hoffman his first dose of lsd ?
where is the statistical abstract of the united states online ?
where can i get piano music for the jamiroquai song everyday for the midi ?
what lawyer won the largest divorce settlement , 85 million , in u . s . history for sheika dena al farri ?
what killed bob marley ?
what is the longest word in the english language ?
what war did johnny reb and billy yank fight ?
what was the nickname of frederick i , holy roman emperor and king of germany ?
how old is benny carter ?
what is the capital of burkina faso ?
what is butterfield 8 in butterfield 8 ?
where does the song anything goes take place ?
who was red grange ?
what nationality was jackson pollock ?
who did dita beard work for ?
who was the first woman in space ?
what business exports the sparkling wine spumante ?
what ocean did the titanic sink in ?
what corporation does madonna advertise for ?
where is hearst castle , built by publisher william randolph hearst ?
who is the president of pergament ?
what does sids stand for ?
what is the origin of thank you notes ?
what is the function of ram ?
what is an ecological niche ?
how much did varian associates try to sell its vacuum products division to the boc group for ?
what is the meaning of caliente , in english , ?
what is the world record for the longest hair ?
what hall of fame pitcher started three world series games for the new york yankees in 1962 ?
what s the name of the actress who starred in the movie , silence of the lambs ?
what are dingoes ?
why are there braille things on the atm machines that people drive through ?
who led the opposition when konrad adenauer was chancellor in germany ?
how many yards are in 1 mile ?
what are the names of jacques cousteau s two sons ?
what college enlivens hanover , new hampshire ?
what is larry king s job ?
what s the largest island in the west indies ?
what is larry king s occupation ?
what diminutive american female gymnast stole the show at the 1984 olympics ?
how hot should the oven be when making peachy oat muffins ?
what non mechanical sport achieves the highest speeds ?
what was organized as a confederate veterans social club in pulaski , in tennessee , in 1866 ?
what are the names of richard nixon s two daughters ?
who died with more than 1 , 000 u . s . patents to his credit ?
how long does james bond like his eggs boiled ?
what is a fear of sourness ?
what was connecticut s first constitution called ?
how much does one ton of cement cost ?
who loved flash gordon besides dale ?
what is the real name of disc jockey wolfman jack ?
where does the expression cloud nine come from ?
what is a cullion ?
what is the population of mexico ?
what is the music used in the new vw beetle commercial where the car spins and changes colors ?
what mary tyler moore show regular came into the world as tadeus wladyslaw konopka ?
what is colin powell best known for ?
what are the ten safest american cities for pedestrians ?
what does a collier mine ?
when did cnn go on the air ?
what country s capital is tirana ?
what city would you be in if you were feeding the pigeons in the piazza san marco ?
how did the hohenzollerns build their power around 17 ?
who is the sexiest women in the world ?
what joins white wine to put the spritz in a spritzer ?
who created the comic strip , garfield ?
what s mrs . bridges s job on tv s upstairs , downstairs ?
what was known as the spice island ?
where can i look at a perpetual calendar ?
what is the organizational structure of the new delhi indira gandhi airport ?
what robert louis stevenson novel was inspired by deacon william brodie , a cabinetmaker by day and burglar by night ?
what robust u . s . president imported his own instructor after seeing a judo match ?
what dangles over the tongue from the palate ?
who danced into stardom with fred astaire in 1941 s you ll never get rich ?
what new hampshire hamlet rises early to vote first in u . s . presidential elections ?
which type of soda has the greatest amount of caffeine ?
how hot does the inside of an active volcano get ?
who made a boat out of gopher wood ?
how do i write to my congressman ?
what is the origin of the term the brooklyn side in bowling ?
how were the days of the week named ?
what is one of the cities that the university of minnesota is located in ?
what does it take to become a lawyer ?
how many miles is it from london , england to plymouth , england ?
what s the name of a golf course in myrtle beach ?
where do rocks come from ?
what ratio of children of ages between two and eleven watch the simpsons ?
what is agent orange ?
what is the origin of the word mushroom ?
how many url extensions are there ? and what are they ?
what is the name of the american literary era that includes 1896 ?
who created the fantastic four , hulk , and thor ?
what s the geographic term for the submerged fringe of a continent ?
what did the yalta conference lead to ?
who portrayed prewett in from here to eternity ?
what interesting method was used to run the credits in the early popeye cartoons ?
which vietnamese terrorist is now a un delegate in doonesbury ?
what island is home to statues called mauis ?
what is the most expensive car in the world ?
where can i find a person s address from a telephone number ?
what country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?
what is ethylene ?
who said the only thing we have to fear is fear itself ?
name the company that used the line , even your best friend won t tell you in its ad ?
what u . s . state has the lowest highest elevation at 6 feet ?
what made the finger lakes in western new york state ?
what is the longest place name in the u . s . ?
what is a mathematical factor ?
what kind of creatures are black , yellow , and own bullheads ?
what is the difference between a preface and a foreword ?
what tv show did john sebastian sing the theme for ?
how many hearts does an octopus have ?
when did french revolutionaries storm the bastille ?
what does a spermologer collect ?
how many miles are there between tel aviv , israel and memphis , tennessee ?
how many israeli athletes were killed at the munich olympics ?
what is the origin of the midwest slang , you re darn tootin ?
what s played at wembley stadium , london , every may ?
in waugh s a handful of dust , what does the mad old man force the hero to do every afternoon ?
what holidays are celeated in ireland ?
what was mae west s last film ?
what is a fear of cholera ?
what film opens with an assassin tumbling from the seattle space needle ?
where are the u . s . headquarters for procter gamble ?
what does the georgetown hoya mean ?
what is the correct way to mount a roll of toilet paper ?
what caused the lynmouth floods ?
what manufacturers are there in texas ?
what does the name billie mean ?
who was the charlie perfume woman ?
why is black the color of mourning in the west ?
what s the capital of iowa ?
what hair color can i use to just cover a little gray ?
what are you hearing when you put a seashell to your ear ?
how many members of a family could be drafted in the u . s . military during world war ii ?
what are three ways in which wind is created on the earth ?
what war added jeep and quisling to the english language ?
where did the name root beer come from ?
what is the origin of the word teddy bear ?
what countries have the largest armed forces in the world ?
what is the all time stock high of apple computer , and where can i find this information ?
what does storm wave mean in japanese ?
how long does it take to hike the entire appalachian trail ?
what is nine inch nails ?
what are some interesting facts and information about dogsledding ?
how was the aclu formed ?
how do i know someone is truly in love with me ?
who found hawaii ?
what are the top five oil producing countries in the world ?
which two states enclose chesapeake bay ?
what does the word terrorism mean ?
how many stations do you shoot from in the basketball game around the world ?
what island group contains jersey , guernsey , sark and herm ?
what is a fear of water ?
what do the names neil , mary , and anthony mean ?
how many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
what blew up at lakehurst , new jersey , on may 6 , 1977 ?
what is a conifer ?
where can i find info on research being done on oilseeds thru genetics ?
which comic strip was never turned into a broadway musical ?
who is actress goldie hawn s current actor boyfriend ?
what city is logan airport in ?
how can you get rust stains out of clothing ?
what north american city boasts the biggest polish population ?
why does it snow ?
who made the first airplane ?
what oldtime kids fare did tv guide writer jeff greenfield call one of the most . . . subversive tv shows in american history ?
how high must a mountain be to be called a mountain ?
who portrayed renaud in casablanca ?
what is the greatest hiking web site ?
what is a wart ?
what is her husband s name ?
who s the king of swing ?
where can i find a large list of 5 to 6 letter words ?
what two historical figures , who fought each other in a famous battle , each have a food named after them ?
who was confucius ?
what is porphyria ?
what tragedy befell the city of dogtown in 1899 ?
what is the name of the dog on the cracker jack box ?
why do pharmacists work on raised floors ?
what country s royal house is bourbon parma ?
on what avenue is the original saks department store located ?
how much do drugs to treat tuberculosis cost ?
what sport does chris jogis play ?
which is a real berry blackberry , cranberry , raspberry , strawberry ?
what was william f . cody s better known name ?
where can i get information on the original 13 us colonies ?
where can one find mozambique ?
where in the united states do people live the longest ?
who is the son in law of sen . everett dirkson who was also a senator in the 70 s ?
how many words are there in the spanish language ?
what was the first town to be chartered in vermont ?
who plays the cop in the movie kindergarten cop ?
what is yohimbine ?
what can you be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
what incident caused the canning of a summit conference between eisenhower and khrushchev ?
what are emblazoned on the jolly roger ?
when was the parthenon built ?
what did the confederate constitution say about slavery ?
how long is human gestation ?
how do i find the balance of my social security account ?
what is the average date when most malls begin putting up christmas holiday decorations ?
what was the first lifesaver flavor ?
in what year was the first patent for the pull tab opener on cans obtained ?
how do they find or choose witnesses to an execution ?
whom did the chicago bulls beat in the 1993 championship ?
what is the name of a salt lake city newspaper ?
what caribbean island is northeast of trinidad ?
what two vessels fought the first sea battle between iron covered ships ?
what is multimedia ?
what constitutes an adult ?
how many miles is it from frankfurt , germany to salzburg , austria ?
who is the antichrist ?
what country did the romans call hibernia ?
what is the name of the president of garmat u . s . a ?
where can i find detailed information about manchukuo ?
what country are godiva chocolates from ?
what movie did madilyn kahn star in with gene wilder ?
what detective lives on punchbowl hill and has 11 children ?
how do you select wine ?
what s an easy way to count the approximate number of fish in a lake ?
what animal do buffalo wings come from ?
who is buried in the great pyramid of giza ?
what is the name of the city that maurizio pellegrin lives in ?
what lake in scotland is said to hold one or more monsters ?
what is the best selling book of all time ?
what is an aortic abdominal aneurysm ?
what did the chinese emperor present to the english soldier gordon in recognition of his services in quelling rebellions ?
what is bombay duck ?
where did the maya people live ?
what african animals are known as the big five ?
who is pia zadora s millionaire husband and mentor ?
what product did robert conrad dare people to knock off his shoulder ?
what letter does gorbachev s middle name start with ?
what is the name of the woman who was with john belushi when he died ?
where can i find out the top 1 singles ?
mccarren airport is located in what city ?
how do you reference a website ?
what famous new york city mayor wrote the hit song , will you love me in december as you do in may ?
what is the largest county in size in massachusetts ?
what is november s birthstone ?
what color is chablis ?
what was mao s second name ?
name the designer of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations , known as jellies .
what sound does olympia , washington , overlook ?
who received the will rogers award in 1989 ?
which bloom county resident wreaks havoc with a computer ?
winnie the pooh is what kind of animal ?
what asian spiritual and political leader was married at the age of 13 ?
what is the abeviation of the national bureau of investigation ?
how many miles of veins are in the circulatory system ?
what does a deltiologist collect ?
how many meters are in a mile ?
what does the number 33 on the rolling rock beer bottle mean ?
what is the average age of a member of the team that worked on the manhatten project ?
where is microsoft s corporate headquarters located ?
what is nicholas cage s profession ?
what time of day did emperor hirohito die ?
what does s . o . s . stand for ?
what is cosmology ?
how many dollars a day did arthur frommer say you could get by on in europe in 1968 ?
what u . s . state boasts stone mountain , the world s largest mass of exposed granite ?
what dumb but loveable character did maurice gosfield play on the phil silvers show ?
who invented the toothush ?
what countries earn the most from tourism ?
who was president of costa rica in 1994 ?
where is ocho rios ?
who are the nomadic hunting and gathering tribe of the kalahari desert in africa ?
what is the largest snake in the world ?
what do sailors use to measure time ?
what are vermicilli , rigati , zitoni , and tubetti ?
what was lost and regained by poet john milton ?
what english word comes from the old french covrefeu , meaning cover fire ?
what is a 2 sided object called ?
why do pressure cookers save time in the kitchen ?
who painted mother and child ?
what country did the nazis occupy for 1 , cd nns in nnp nnp nnp .
how do you ask questions ?
what mountains lie between the arkansas and missouri rivers ?
how many blacks served in the vietnam war
where can i find scientific data , research papers , on textile engineering ?
what kind of business is 7 eleven ?
why are sometimes your hands cold , but the rest of you isn t ?
where did gulliver find a race of tiny people ?
what number is at 12 o clock on a dartboard ?
what is the best and for a laptop computer ?
name a product that controls the ripening of apples .
what city does mccarren airport serve ?
how many bends are there in a standard paper clip ?
how do you throw a housewarming party ?
what is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?
what layer of the atmosphere contains most of the ozone layer ?
what is glass made of ?
what is the celtic symbol for life ?
what card company sells christmas ornaments ?
what is bill gross s email address ?
what do goldfish lose if kept in dimly lit or running water ?
how many counties are in indiana ?
what state is john f . kennedy buried in ?
what are cobol , fortran , and pascal ?
who is currently the most popular singer in the world ?
what is a hydrogen bond ?
how much did a mcdonald s hamburger cost in 1963 ?
what is another term for the painful wrist syndrome ?
who created big ben ?
who starred with charlie chaplin in modern times and the great dictator ?
what is viscosity ?
when did iraqi troops invade kuwait ?
what is the chemical reactivity of argon ?
what kind of company is 7 eleven ?
what countries have the most auto thefts ?
mississippi is nicknamed what ?
where is the massive north korean nuclear complex located ?
what is a multiplexer ?
what sea did the romans call mare nostrum ?
what baseball team became the minnesota twins ?
what south american capital is the world s highest ?
what is a fear of black people ?
who was the conservationist who served as spokesperson for post grape nuts ?
what is the difference between khaki and chino ?
what is the best selling computer model ever ?
what is the most radioactive food ?
how many grooves are on a dime s edge ?
what three colors of ink are used to print a u . s . dollar bill ?
who portrayed rosanne rosanna dana on the television show saturday night live ?
how do i increase my biceps size ?
what country has the most time zones , with 11 ?
who wrote the godfather ?
what common ailment can t you catch at the north pole ?
what fuel do airplanes use ?
how many people in america snore ?
how many colors are there in a rainbow ?
who is desmond tutu ?
how many sides does a heptagon have ?
what does hazmat stand for ?
what are the four natural aids used in riding a horse ?
what russian city used to be called st . petersburg and petrograd ?
who painted the sistine chapel ?
what s the nickname of oddsmaker jimmy snyder ?
who is the president of ghana ?
where do the blackhawks maintain their operations ?
what s the abeviation for trinitrotoluene ?
who is imam hussain ben ali whom shia people believe in ?
what feathered cartoon characters do yugoslavians know as vlaja , gaja , and raja ?
what city did the flintstones live in ?
cnn is owned by whom ?
what is the fourth dimension ?
what kind of education do i need to become a flight attendant ?
what web sites are linked to the report on genesis eldercare ?
who was the lawyer for randy steven craft ?
what was thatcher s approval rating after 10 years in power ?
what is spumante ?
how has tv affected our society ?
who took the toys donated for the doodyville orphans fund and kept them for himself ?
what was introduced commercially by bayer a . g . of leverkusen , in 1899 ?
what are the numbers that fit into fermont s last theorem ?
how many muscles does an oyster have ?
what crop failure caused the irish famine ?
who is always trying to get the rent from andy capp ?
what is nathan hamill s role in the new star wars prequel ?
what cocktail do you concoct with whisky and sweet vermouth ?
how does a glacier form ?
who won the 1967 academy award for best actor ?
what country in latin america is the largest one ?
who created harry lime ?
who was the accused in the trial of the century , which opened janurary 1 , 1935 ?
what are liver enzymes ?
what river is windsor castle on ?
what is the origin of music ?
how many countries are there ?
what soviet leader owned a rolls royce ?
who made the first gas engine ?
what state does charles robb represent ?
where is procter gamble headquartered in the u . s . ?
when was the triangle shirtwaist fire ?
what is a first world country ?
what is the date of boxing day ?
what two japanese cities are spelled with the letters k , o , o , t and y ?
where is the highest point in japan ?
what is an example of an actual case of using the fourteenth amendment ?
name the creator of the muppets .
what is an urban legend ?
in what part of the world is mozambique ?
what cigar chewing comedian observed you re only as old as the woman you feel ?
which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
how long do flies live ?
what is the most efficient way to start a barbeque ?
what is the west virginia state animal ?
what was the largest city in the world to declare martial law in 1989 ?
who wrote the ugly duckling ?
what feminist wrote sexual politics and flying ?
how many casinos are in atlantic city , nj ?
what colors make up a rainbow ?
what color are the castellated walls of the kremlin ?
what type of childhood did jules verne have ?
what does camera ready art mean ?
what is the collective noun for geese ?
what is typhoid fever ?
name the five positions who are in the line of succession to the presidency .
what is the life expectancy of an elephant ?
what was the name of betty boop s dog ?
what two countries are separated by the bering strait ?
which mayonnaise refers to itself as real mayonnaise ?
what architect originated the glass house designed the chicago federal center had a philosophy of less is more , and produced plans that were the forerunner of the california ranch house ?
what is the electronic device used to produce visual displays corresponding to electric signals ?
what is the temperature for baking peachy oat muffins ?
what was the verdict in the trial of lizzie borden ?
how many dogs pull a sled in the iditarod ?
what was the reason for the partition of the anglican and vatican churches ?
what city houses the u . s . headquarters of procter and gamble ?
name the vessel used by the atari force in the dc comics .
what is the best college in the country ?
what is the origin of the term buffalo wings that is used as a menu item in bars across the nation for chicken wings in a spicey sauce ?
who was the oldest u . s . president ?
what metropolis landmark was first introduced in the superman cartoons of the 1940 s ?
what was the first domesticated bird ?
what city is served by tempelhol airport ?
what was the nickname of german flying ace manfred von richthofen ?
what was the first sam spade novel ?
what is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?
how can you be happy ?
what is the quickest and easiest way to get nail polish out of clothes ?
who s the lead singer of the led zeppelin band ?
what is the capital of congo ?
what is a rhomboideus minor ?
what is the high pitched sound that you hear in your ear every now and then , but then it goes away , after a while ?
whose special bear s creator was born on january 18 , 1779 ?
what doctor is synonymous with footwear and foot care ?
what is the origin and the meaning of the name , hajo ?
what was einstein s birthplace ?
who is william wordsworth ?
for what disease is the drug sinemet used as a treatment ?
what musical instrument did prewitt play in james jones s from here to eternity ?
how many islands does fiji have ?
who invented television ?
what flag flies over wake island ?
how much can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
what was einstein s iq ?
why do many native american students not complete college ?
what does a philatelist collect ?
what can one see in reims ?
where on the internet can i find a song lyrics database similar to the international lyrics server ?
where is global schoolhouse ?
who was darius ?
what kind of animals were in the paleozoic era ?
how is abigail arcane related to the villainous opponent of the swamp thing ?
what major victorian novelist spent as much time working for the post office as he did writing ?
in what year did thatcher gain power ?
what does playboy title its continuing dialog on contemporary issues between playboy and its readers ?
what month of the year is there no television in iceland ?
who s the twin other of the greek goddess artemis ?
what state did anita bryant represent in the 1959 miss america contest ?
what beer advertised that it had three rings ?
how many web servers are there ?
who was samuel johnsons s friend and biographer ?
how high is the city of denver ?
what s the sequel to alice s adventures in wonderland ?
how is answers . com funded ?
what is the purpose of bios ?
what beer tells us , grab all the gusto you can get . ?
what is the origin of u . s . army sergeant s stripes ?
what are the five basic swimming strokes ?
who was garrett morgan married to ?
how wide is the atlantic ocean ?
who taught matt murdock to use his extraordinary abilities in marvel comics ?
how do you address a chinese person ?
who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
where s montenegro ?
how many fig newtons are there to the pound ?
what is the difference between neoclassical art and romanticism art ?
what films featured the character popeye doyle ?
what is the name of the art of growing miniature trees ?
name 11 famous martyrs .
what is the capital of seattle ?
what judith rossner novel was made into a film starring diane keaton ?
where can i find a list of classic books 5th and 6th graders should read ?
what 2th century american poet wrote a four volume biography of aaham lincoln ?
what is the immaculate conception ?
what is a fear of rejection ?
what should the oven be set at for baking peachy oat muffins ?
who is the prophet of the religion of islam ?
how long does a fly live ?
what does inri stand for when used on jesus cross ?
what are the residents of the island of lesbos called ?
what is the time it takes a typist to type a screenplay that is 100 pages long ?
who is westview high s band director in funky winkerbean ?
in which state are the mark twain national forests ?
what animal s tail is called a ush ?
what civilization invented the arch ?
how many different types of skunks are there ?
what is the speed of the mississippi river ?
how do i find if my relatives were on the trail of tears ?
what are britain s two longest rivers ?
who were the only two bald u . s . presidents ?
where are all european and american eels born ?
who invented the pull tab opener on cans ?
where was poe born ?
what s the first day of the week ?
how many people died on south carolina highways in 1998 ?
what are christopher marlowe s and shakespeare s literary contributions to english literature ?
what trophy is awarded to the winners of the super bowl ?
how many bottles of wine were prisoners in the bastille allowed per day ?
where is the actress , marion davies , buried ?
what king was forced to agree to the magna carta ?
what is the leading pecan and peanut growing state ?
why is it called hamburger if there is no ham in it ?
what happens when a body part falls asleep ?
how many fiddlers did old king cole have ?
where does the u . s . rank among world countries in area ?
how many years of schooling after highschool does it take to become a neurosurgeon ?
describe the finnish music personality salonen s appearance .
what are the three winter months in the southern hemisphere ?
what is new england s highest mountain ?
what continent is bolivia on ?
who created billy pilgrim , a survivor of the dresden firestorm ?
what composer was awarded the medal of honor by franklin d . roosevelt ?
what was the name of the daughter of the virginia chief powhatan that married john rolfe ?
how many years old is benny carter ?
where do the adventures of the swiss family robinson take place ?
what foods contain vitamin b12 ?
what painter popularized soup cans and brillo soap pad boxes ?
what is a stratocaster ?
what is the difference between classical conditioning and operant conditioning ?
how long does it take the milky way galaxy to make one revolution ?
what kind of car did janis joplin ask the lord to buy her ?
what is the longest english word that can be formed using just the first row of letters on a typewriter ?
what s the distinction of u . s . supreme court justice thurgood marshall ?
what state in the u . s . has the most blacks ?
what is interlata internet service ?
which country is the largest country in latin america ?
what is the use of a 24 hour clock instead of a 12 hour clock ?
how many people own pets ?
what is the best way to travel in japan ?
how many americans have hiv ?
how many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling score ?
what does a phobophobe fear ?
what does a topophobic actor suffer from ?
mississippi has what name for a state nickname ?
what is literary criticism ?
how many cables support the main span of the golden gate bridge ?
what s the abeviation for limited partnership ?
how can you tell when figs are ripe ?
how old was stevie wonder when he signed with motown records ?
what country is bounded in part by the indian ocean and coral and tasman seas ?
what are some children s rights ?
what colors is magenta made of ?
what are the main blood vessels ?
how can i find out my moon sign ?
what state is the filenes store located in ?
who was lacan ?
what was the killer whale who died at sea world of a fungal infection named ?
what color is an arctic fox in winter ?
what is the acreage of the chappellet vineyard ?
what are the lyrics to the star spangled banner ?
what is the most popular sports car color ?
what makes a clitoris sensitive ?
what is main reason for that electric vehicles can t be popular nowadays ?
what actress s autobiography is titled shelley also known as shirley ?
what year was the setting for american graffiti ?
what is shalom ?
what s the rathaus in frankfurt ?
what is president nixon s birthdate ?
how many types of lemurs are there ?
what eastern state sprouted the first commercial nuclear power plant in the u . s . ?
who was the star witness at the senate watergate hearings ?
what was the date of cnn s first oadcast ?
what cheery fellow got the zip code 9971 from the u . s . postal service in 1963 ?
what country borders the most others ?
what country do the galapagos islands belong to ?
the trials resulting from world war ii are known as what ?
where can i find up to date coastal ocean surface temperature information , preferably along north america and the caribbean ?
what is the difference between love and infatuation ?
what ocean liner burned and sank in hong kong harbor ?
what s the highest hand in straight poker ?
what kind of greeting is appropriate to send on yom kippur ?
how many referees work a soccer game ?
what is the origin of the rock band led zeppelin s name ?
where is mccarren airport located ?
where can i find information about touring the philippines ?
what after dinner treat was invented in 1916 at the george jung noodle factory in los angeles ?
where is one s corpus callosum found ?
what english playwright penned where the bee sucks , so shall i ?
when did thatcher become prime minister ?
what tv series features the adventures of a married couple named jonathan and jennifer ?
what are the first and last letters of the greek alphabet ?
whose singing voice was dubbed in for natalie wood in west side story and audrey hepburn in my fair lady ?
what don mclean song laments the day buddy holly died ?
what year did germany sign its nonaggression pact with the soviet union ?
what president was assassinated by charles j . guiteau ?
what is jane goodall famous for ?
what is widely used to detect birth defects ?
how can i find out how much income tax is paid on social security income on the 1998 income tax ?
who used to make cars with rotary engines ?
how many of them are in sub saharan africa ?
what country did the mau mau uprising take place in ?
what caribbean cult did marcus garvey originate ?
what does the policeman become in the canadian edition of monopoly ?
how fast must a spacecraft travel to escape earth s gravity ?
what writer journalist made his mark describing colorful broadway and underworld characters ?
what singer became despondent over the death of freddie prinze , quit show business , and then quit the business ?
how many james bond novels are there ?
what 1966 boob tube bomb took astronauts back to prehistoric times ?
where is the smithsonian institute located ?
who declared i am down on whores and i shan t stop ripping them ?
name a sioux language .
for what reason did some san diego schools stop serving apples ?
what were babe ruth s christian names ?
what film featured shirley maclaine as a prostitute and jack lemmon as a pimp ?
how many colors are there in the spectrum ?
what was the first video ever made ?
what is the origin of the typing practice sentence now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country ?
what is the greatest source of white magic in the marvel universe ?
when was the big thompson flood ?
who wrote the lyrics to porgy and bess ?
how much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?
what is the fastest computer ?
what happened to pompeii ?
what u . s . vice president once declared if you ve seen one slum , you ve seen them all ?
what lake is sheboygan on ?
how many people watch network television ?
why do airliners crash vs . gliding down ?
name the poet of the poem which begins i do not know much about gods but i think that the river is a strong own god sullen , and untamed ?
what is the definition of chancery file in real estate ?
what tv detective did craig stevens play ?
how do you buy stocks ?
how big is the largest diamond ?
what sport is chris jogis a top player of ?
what bay divides maryland s eastern and western shores ?
what country was mikhail gorbachev the leader of ?
what is the largest sculpture in the world ?
where can i get information concerning child custody files for the state of utah ?
what is the alphabet for latin ?
which of the following celeities started his show biz career as a disc jockey ?
what is a fear of weakness ?
what asian country once thrilled to the sport of cricket fighting ?
what s the score of a forfeited baseball game ?
what happened to pepsi clear ?
what was the name of aristotle onassis s yacht ?
what are some important events of the 1830 s ?
what was the sister ship of the olympic ?
what natural attractions draw the most visitors in the united states ?
what is the vdrl test of blood ?
how big is the chappellet vineyard ?
how many pairs of legs does a lobster have ?
how deep is a fathom ?
what s the hungarian word for pepper ?
what is the meaning of cpr ?
how do hermit crabs reproduce ?
how did socrates die ?
when did charles lindbergh die ?
what is the abeviation of the international olympic committee ?
when did they canonize the bible ?
what john steinbeck novel portrays the joad family , driven from the oklahoma dustbowl ?
what is li l abner s last name ?
what line of luggage is named after a famous american flier ?
what are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
what were the cities of dickens s a tale of two cities ?
what actor and actress have made the most movies ?
how do you make a paintball ?
who played maria in the film west side story ?
who is the father of the computer ?
who was the first russian astronaut to walk in space ?
what is amezaiku ?
what comic strip sometimes features a mailman named beasley ?
what is the name of the islamic counterpart to the red cross ?
where can i find a picture of a blue meanie ?
what s the capital of taiwan ?
in order from the top , the four stripes on a can of pepsi are what colors ?
what is the largest variety of cactus ?
how can i find out which cities have cable modem access ?
who is the actress bette davis once said she wished she looked like ?
what does an echidna look like ?
how do you say i love you in spanish ?
what age is benny carter ?
what was the name of randy craft s lawyer ?
what south african producer had a 1988 profit of 836 million ?
what is the name of the disease that actress hunter tylo s baby girl has ?
how do i find a city if i have the area code ?
hazmat stands for what ?
on average , how many miles are there to the moon ?
how do you clean an lcd monitor screen ?
what is sound ?
what european country abandoned postage stamps in 1923 because printing them cost more than their face value ?
how did the months of the year get there name ?
what is the name of the indian who became prime minister by beating mrs . gandhi in the 1977 election ?
what movie told of anna anderson s claim to be a russian czar s daughter ?
what is probability theory ?
when was the women s suffrage amendment ratified ?
what new games are available for nintendo 64 ?
what is betsy ross famous for ?
how far do you have to run if you hit a home run ?
what u . s . state lived under six flags ?
what two caribbean countries share the island of hispaniola ?
what were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?
how many times has harold stassen announced a drive for the white house ?
why do they call it a funny bone ?
who moderated the first kennedy nixon tv debate ?
what is the history of skateboarding ?
what european capital celeated its 2 , 000th anniversary in 1951 ?
what man made waterways is 1 . 76 miles long ?
in what nation is edessa located nowadays ?
what apollo 11 astronaut minded the store while armstrong and aldrin made history ?
what hard of hearing artist painted sunflowers ?
what s the home of the rockettes ?
what country was first to use the airplane as a weapon of war , against the turks in libya ?
which area produces the least acidic coffee ?
what penalty space lies between baltic avenue and reading railroad on a monopoly board ?
what is the latitude and longitude of el paso , texas ?
how many colleges are in wyoming ?
what is the name of the tallest mountain in the world ?
which city in canada is the least populated ?
where is the biggest bell ?
when did president kennedy , lee harvey oswald , and jack ruby all die ?
what countries have the highest ratio of university students ?
how many types of cheese are there in france ?
what is a fear of glass ?
what was the v 8 juice slogan the tastebud ?
what actor , who had greatest fame on tv , became the father of triplets ?
what is the origin of blue for boys and pink for girls ?
what is the english meaning of caliente ?
what s the literary term for a play on words ?
who are the top 10 richest people in the world ?
who created the character of scrooge ?
what city is . kdge radio located in ?
what are the 10 largest cities in the us ?
what do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs ?
what season does a hiemal activity normally take place in ?
what is franz kafka s short story a country doctor trying to tell us ?
what is the name given to the islamic counterpart of the red cross ?
how long is camptown racetrack ?
who was the 3rd president of the united states ?
what u . s . university boasts the largest liary ?
how do you find the area of a circle ?
who played the title role in the romantic englishwoman ?
what was the name of the sitcom that alyssa milano starred in with tony danza ?
who won two gold medals in skiing in the olympic games in calgary ?
who portrayed the title character in the film the day of the jackal ?
who directed the first woody woodpecker cartoon ?
who runs andy capp s favorite pub ?
what religion has the most members ?
what is mississippi s state animal ?
how did super president gain his powers on the animated series ?
what nazi leader killed himself in jail just before he was to be executed as a war criminal ?
what is the name of the game that garry kasparov plays ?
what are the dimensions of an ice hockey goal ?
what film was based on the play everybody comes to rick s ?
what do englishmen weigh themselves in ?
where is dartmouth college ?
what types of water pollution are there ?
what fossilizes to form coprolite ?
what author of the days of our lives cookbook signed on in 198 as liz chandler in tv s days of our lives ?
what does an average daycare provider get paid in new england ?
which company created the internet owser mosaic ?
what count did alexandre dumas write about ?
what were the first words spoken on a film sound track ?
who invented batteries ?
what sport do the cleaveland cavaliers play ?
how many gallons of paint does it take to paint the golden gate bridge ?
what city is near the mouth of the amazon ?
what is the most common cancer ?
who was the first animal into space ?
what nationality were the 123 people who died in the black hole of calcutta ?
what is usenet for the internet ?
which of the following celeities was not born in philadelphia ?
what is platinum ?
what famous coach said if you can t beat em in the alley , you can t beat em on the ice ?
what song served as the closing theme of the johnny cash show ?
what does melissa mean ?
where did surfing originate ?
what is the approximate weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?
what city hosted the first winter olympics in asia ?
what was the name of the lawyer who represented randy steven craft ?
what s a drinker respirator better known as ?
what are the 7 principles of learning from the institute for research on learning , irl ?
what frenchman claimed the following ? if god did not exist , it would be necessary to invent him .
what is a fear of shadows ?
what was the first tv set to include a remote control ?
what do hank aaron , jimmy stewart , and howard k . smith have in common ?
where did the battle of the bulge take place ?
how many people was randy craft convicted of killing ?
what journalist can be found in and around walden puddle ?
the operating system that runs on ibm compatible machines is called what ?
who is the creator of the muppets ?
what was the importance of magellan ?
on what continent is mozambique ?
what was the name of the muppets creator ?
who wrote the secret life of walter mitty ?
how many inches over six feet is the venus de milo ?
what attracts tourists to reims ?
what percentage of the body is muscle ?
who was jinnah ?
what is meant by blood sed rate ?
how many american soldiers are stationed in south korea ?
what is the origin of the candy cane at christmas ?
where can i find a tape or book to help me say , write and understand japanese ?
where was tesla born ?
what century does captain video live in ?
why is microsoft s windows 3 software so successful ?
how old is britney spears ?
what s the most popular form of gambling with women in las vegas ?
the italian artist , maurizio pellegrin , is how old ?
what are all the rivers in europe ?
what 1976 deep throat clone provides the leading lady with a second larynx ?
what board game does a wood pusher play poorly ?
what is the origin of the word tampon ?
where can i buy a pony on the big island for my daughter ?
how many feet are there in a fathom ?
how long did the paris commune hold out for against the rest of france ?
what did martin luther post on the church door at wittenberg ?
what is the correct way to abeviate cc . at the bottom of a business letter ?
what is olestra ?
how is a hydrogen bomb different from a nuclear bomb ?
what player squats an average of 3 times during a baseball doubleheader ?
what is a repeating voter ?
what were the achievements of richard nixon ?
what are field effect transistors ?
what was the name of the movie that starred sharon stone and arnold schwarzenegger ?
what country has the port of haifa ?
what is an auto commentary ?
where can i find information about bob barr , representative from georgia ?
what does an average daycare provider get paid in new england ?
what comedienne upstaged dwight d . eisenhower s first inauguration by giving birth to her first child ?
who invented the moog synthesizer ?
who was charles lindbergh s wife ?
what bowl game began as an east west contest between michigan and stanford in 192 ?
where did he get the title ?
what king boycotted prince charles s wedding ?
what william makepeace thackeray novel was made into a film by stanley kuick ?
what function does a community s water tower serve ?
what does god create in the first sentence of the bible ?
what is infomatics ?
when did cnn begin oadcasting ?
which two inventors invented post its ?
who created the muppets ?
who was the famous door to door ush salesman ?
in ad 999 , what sort of celeations , fears , were there ?
what do ladybugs eat ?
who portrayed portly criminologist carl hyatt on checkmate ?
what percentage of the world s plant and animal species can be found in the amazon forests ?
how is digital audio used ?
what famed clown appeared on an early howdy doody show and insisted that clarabell be made up as a real clown ?
what are the star wars satellites ?
what was the price of varian associates vacuum products division ?
how many maids were milking ?
what does the word opera mean ?
who was the first woman to run the mile in less than 4 36893 minutes ?
who won the superbowl in ?
who is terrence malick ?
what kind of hat does bat masterson wear ?
what capital is built around monument circle which contains soldiers and sailors monument ?
who graced the airwaves with such pearls as do ya lo o ove me ? get naked , baby ! ?
who is ishmael in moby dick ?
who said what contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?
name li l abner s favorite indian drink .
saddam hussein was compared to whom by president bush ?
in what year did they build the berlin wall ?
what is the frequency of vhf ?
where is rider college located ?
who said the victor will never be asked if he told the truth ?
what government department did the untouchables work for ?
how many times has louie , louie been recorded ?
what is troilism ?
what kind of animal was winnie the pooh ?
in what city is the us declaration of independence located ?
what kind of tree graces lebanon s flag ?
who banned peter rose from baseball for betting on games ?
what cigarette is a whole new world ?
what product did william horlick discover and produce ?
what will the weather be today ?
what date is richard nixon s birthday ?
what is the english translation for the word caliente ?
what are the cookies in internet ?
what country was erich honecker the leader of ?
who lives at 24 sussex drive , ottawa ?
who were the four famous founders of united artists ?
what are you caught in if a haboob blows up ?
how do you say 2 in latin ?
name four famous cartoon cats .
what day of the week sees the most fatal car accidents ?
how do i tie a tie ?
who was shot in the back during a poker game in deadwood , the dakota territory ?
what is the richest state in the u . s . ?
what does the greek word polis mean , as in minneapolis ?
what british prime minister and u . s . president were seventh cousins once removed ?
what household products are there for adult acne ?
what infectious disease is the world s deadliest ?
what s the mystery of the bermuda triangle ?
what is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of california ?
what country borders denmark to the south ?
what company was the original sponsor of tv s superman ?
who wrote the poem that starts i love your lips when they re wet with wine and red with a warm desire ?
which mosquito s bite draws blood , dt nn cc dt nn .
how can i get rich quick ?
where did victor hugo spend his exile ?
what year did jack nicklaus join the professional golfers association tour ?
what award is the oscar of advertising ?
where is the keck telescope ?
what animal has been called the poor man s cow ?
what season begins with the vernal equinox ?
where is romania located ?
where s the bernini bristol hotel ?
how many megawatts will the power project in indonesia , built by a consortium headed by mission energy of us , produce ?
what astronomical phenomenon takes place in jan . 1999 ?
what are a baseball team s firemen ?
what hymn did john steinbeck get his title the grapes of wrath from ?
why do usa fax machines not work in uk , nnp ?
from what cause does tuberculosis stem ?
what newspaper returned a pulitzer prize for the fraudulent story jimmy s world ?
how do you say grandma in irish ?
how many people did the united nations commit to help restore order and distribute humanitarian relief in somalia in september 1992 ?
how many times a year does the american gourd society publish the gourd ?
what georgia town did scarlett o hara condemn as being full of pushy people ?
what was the u . s . highway death toll in 1969 ?
what are the urals ?
how many revolutions does a standard lp make in three minutes ?
how many species of the great white shark are there ?
how many shots can a stock m16 hold ?
what are the two languages of malta ?
how is saline used in medicine ?
which college did dikembe mutombo play basketball for ?
what did the only repealed amendment to the u . s . constitution deal with ?
who was darth vader s son ?
what did richard feynman say upon hearing he would receive the nobel prize in physics ?
who was secretary of state during the nixon administration ?
who is robin williams ?
what concerts are held in new york this week ?
what is the best internet business to go into ?
what does the c stand for in the equation e mc2 ?
what is a fear of clouds ?
what is the gestation period for human pregnancies ?
what writer is famous for physically putting himself into the center of his subject matter ?
what is a plant supplement ?
what j . r . r . tolkien book features bilbo baggins as the central character ?
how many community chest cards are there in monopoly ?
what mustachioed comedian portrayed frankie in north to alaska ?
how is thalassemia defined ?
what university fired angela davis ?
name the ship beany and cecil sailed .
who developed potlatch ?
how can i get my product licensed by the nba ?
what kind of rocket launched the surveyor spacecraft ?
what is the rounded part on the top of a matchbook called ?
on what day were john f and jackie kennedy married ?
why was the zipper invented ?
shea and gould had an office in los angeles for how long before closing it ?
where was richard nixon when gerald ford became president ?
jackson pollock is of what nationality ?
what is the term for a group of geese ?
what is gymnophobia ?
why do girls have to wear training as ?
what is the mission of nike ?
what was the name of the director of the movie jaws ?
what is the nickname for the state of mississippi ?
where do the grimace and mayor mccheese live ?
what was the name of the confederate mounted guerrilla group with which jesse james and coleman younger had ridden ?
what businesses or agencies would do an employment verification ?
how many hummingbird eggs could fit in one ostrich egg ?
how does the nintendo zapper work ?
who declared i think i ll go out and milk the elk ?
who gave king arthur the round table ?
garry kasparov plays what game ?
how much did a knight s armor weigh ?
who portrayed etta place , companion to butch cassidey and the sundance kid ?
on what date did rosa parks become a symbol of the civil rights movement for refusing to give up her seat on the bus ?
what is the best way to overcome a fear ?
what is the fear of the computer called ?
who created private detective philip marlowe ?
where can i find pictorial directions on how to build a very simple treehouse ?
who did napolean defeat at jena and auerstadt ?
what is the temperature for cooking ?
who won the 1968 california democratic primary ?
what do i need to learn to design web pages ?
what do the letters d . c . stand for in washington , d . c . ?
what turns blue litmus paper red ?
what are the powers and weaknesses of green lantern s ring ?
who is the director of intergovernmental affairs for the san diego county ?
approximately how many students are enrolled at the university of massachusetts ?
what country claimed rubens , van dyck and bruegel as citizens ?
how do you calculate the change in enthalpy of a chemical reaction ?
how many dots make up the symbol for because ?
how do birds find their way back to the same place every year ?
how many characters makes up a word for typing test purposes ?
how many inches tall is stuart little at birth ?
when was nostradamus born ?
what was the 1940 annual salary for a boilermaker ?
what game is fatal to anybody over 21 ?
what software offers inventors use of cad like design ?
who is peter weir ?
what is april s gemstone ?
what square is the geographical center of london ?
what s the northernmost u . s . state apart from alaska ?
what is the meaning of w . b . yeat s poem , the three hermits ?
what creature scares people in the film jaws ?
where can i find examples of legal cases about the individuals with disabilities education act ?
who won a pulitzer prize for his novel the caine mutiny ?
when was beethoven born ?
how do i love thee ?
how many four star generals were there and who are they ?
what is habeas corpus ?
what s the most common name in nursery rhymes ?
how many types of dogs tails are there three
what doctor claimed in a 1946 book there is no such thing as a bad boy ?
what color is the eight ball in pocket billiards ?
what s nature s purpose for tornadoes ?
what is shirley maclaine known as ?
what is the name for clouds that produce rain ?
where did george of the jungle live ?
what album put the beatles on the cover of time in 1967 ?
what year is etched on the gold medal of excellence from the paris exposition depicted on a can of campbell s tomato soup ?
who sought to create the great society ?
how do chickens have baby chicks ?
what is ioc an abeviation of ?
when was the battle of the somme fought ?
what is dick clark s birthday ?
how many questions do you have on your database ?
who gave us the rolling writer ?
what is latin for incompetent ?
what is fellatio ?
what is rememance day all about ?
how many people die from tuberculosis each year ?
what molecules include fluorine , sodium and magnesium ?
what are some translations of the phrase thank you ?
who lived on the shores of the gitchee gumee river ?
how many people were executed for aaham lincoln s assassination ?
which bourbon king was restored to the french throne during napoleon s abdication ?
who wrote poems are made by fools like me but only god can make a tree ?
who manufactures the software , photoshop ?
what sign is the water carrier the zodiacal symbol for ?
how long was the longest sneezing attack ?
why do movie and tv stars get paid so much ?
who was the star of the 1965 broadway hit golden boy ?
what was the sequel to the moon s balloon ?
who was the only president to serve two nonconsecutive terms ?
what are tonsils for ?
what football bowl game s first queen was hallie woods ?
how do they get teflon to stick to the pan ?
what is a bourdon tube ?
where is erykah badu originally from ?
what british tv series inspired all in the family ?
who is the prime minister of japan ?
name the largest country in south america .
how does the elongated man know a mystery is afoot ?
what cereal goes snap , crackle , pop ?
what is the origin of the atom ?
where is qatar ?
where are the leading medical groups specializing in lung diseases ?
where did wile e . coyote always get his devices ?
what russian composer s prelude in c sharp minor ought him fame and fortune ?
what s the southern dish made of pigs small intestines ?
what is the address of the famous mexican star thalia ?
who awarded the flying fickle finger of fate ?
where is the loop ?
what does a chairbound basophobic fear ?
what are all the different kinds of contraceptives ?
what term means a sexual attraction between a male and a female ?
what does janelle mean ?
who is the worst us president ever ?
what tv character said one of these days , alice , pow , right in the kisser ?
what was the claim to fame of explorer i , launched feuary 1 , 1958 ?
jude law acted in which film ?
how deep is a fathom ?
what is narcolepsy ?
what broadway musical featured the song , if i were a rich man ?
what college did joe namath play football for ?
madonna hocks which soft drink ?
what is the chemical reactivity of helium ?
what is the origin of the word , jj .
who was president of afghanistan in 1994 ?
what was paper made of in the late 16th century ?
what is digitalis ?
who retired with 755 home runs to his credit ?
what device provided a new way to listen to music in 1963 ?
what does a man suffering from diphallic terata have ?
what constellation contains the twins castor and pollux ?
what 2 statues did france give to other countries ?
why do rooftops give off steam after a big rainstorm ?
what hide and seek game is played around a tin can ?
what is a person called that likes fire ?
what country buys 25 percent of the world s tea exports ?
what store does martha stewart advertise for ?
name the two blob members of the animated herculoids .
what is bella abzug s sartorial trademark ?
what famous model was married to billy joel ?
what did the gas house gang play ?
what country is located at 13 degrees north latitude and 10 degrees east longitude ?
what is michael jackson s middle name ?
what terror of the sea did johnny horton sing about ?
what s the middle name of movie producer joseph e . levine ?
what are tourist attractions in reims ?
what is the difference between hair and fur ?
who are woody woodpecker s niece and nephew ?
which comic book was not spawned directly from the pulp magazines ?
what u . s . government agency registers trademarks ?
where can i find a fifth element screensaver ?
what are the five most popular usenet groups ?
what was the name of the little rascals dog ?
how many people live in tokyo ?
who made the most appearances in the center square on hollywood squares ?
when was the battle of hastings ?
what vehicles are raced in the tour de france ?
what kind of weapons were used in medieval warfare ?
what causes tuberculosis ?
how hot should the oven be when baking peachy oat muffins ?
how is it correct to say qigong ?
what school does tom attend in tom brown s school days ?
what is maurizio pellegrin s age ?
how long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?
what causes pneumonia ?
what is a fear of going to bed ?
who does data collection in tourism ?
where do you find the answers for all these questions ?
when was the first practical commercial typewriter marketed ?
how many emperors were there in the roman empire ?
where do quality drinks begin ?
when did theo rousseau paint the forest of fontaine ?
what does ioc stand for ?
where is the bulls basketball team based ?
what 1953 film won frank sinatra a best supporting actor oscar ?
how do you write a correct critical analysis of a poem ?
what are the requirements for becoming a citizen of australia ?
who is the leader of india ?
how many cullions does a male have ?
what state s home to the buffalo bill historical center ?
what does it mean rupee depreciates ?
what is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
what personality traits are capricorns said to have ?
what does ph stand for ?
why are there 12 people on a jury in criminal cases ?
how does ultraviolet light damage the dna of skin cells ?
what letter is to the right of k on a typewriter keyboard ?
name the country which honecker lived in .
how many home runs did lou gehrig have during his career ?
how many feet more than 2 is the average height of the great wall of china ?
how many people live in cities ?
which member of charlie s angels sang vocals for josie and the pussycats ?
what does the abeviation ioc stand for ?
what sport features snatches and clean jerks ?
what is a courier ?
why can t you taste anything when you have a cold ?
what geological time do we live in ?
how long is the coney island boardwalk ?
who was jane goodall ?
about how many soldiers died in world war ii ?
what united states city produces the most oil ?
how many years did shea gould practice law in los angeles ?
what is the best selling television soundtrack of all time ?
what is diabetes ?
how can i trace my family roots ?
how do ouija boards work ?
how is the new ford econoline van f25 v1 engine ?
how many months does it take the moon to revolve around the earth ?
what is stefan edberg s native country ?
where are some great educational resources for parents and teachers ?
in a computer , what does scsi mean ?
why can t women serve in the navy on board submarines ?
how do i get my lan card activated so that it can hook up to another computer without using a hub ?
when did the american civil war end ?
what is the most populated city in the world ?
where is it planned to berth the merchant ship , lane victory , which merchant marine veterans are converting into a floating museum ?
what is the name of the second space shuttle ?
what is the mascot for notre dame university ?
what is a fear of drinking ?
what is the abeviated term used for the national bureau of investigation ?
what number of american soldiers remain unaccounted from the vietnam war ?
how long ago did the anglican church part from the vatican ?
what province is edmonton located in ?
what is the treatment for depression ?
what is the best distance education university or college ?
what country , after canada and mexico , is closest to the u . s . ?
who is the only prime minister of canada to serve 22 years but not necessarily consecutively ?
what language is mostly spoken in brazil ?
where can i find the history of the hungarian language ?
what does the name shawn mean ?
what is the largest u . s . state east of the mississippi ?
how come a doughnut has a hole in it ?
what is the capital of california ?
when did the use of the syringe first appear in medicinal history ?
what does vcr stand for ?
what is the rarest coin ?
what did the congress of vienna establish ?
what are the capital cities of the two large countries that occupy the iberian peninsula in europe ?
what seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
what is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as involuntary movements , tics , swearing , and incoherent vocalizations , grunts , shouts , etc . ?
what is the trademark of a washington redskin s fan ?
how do wasps make their nests ?
what do flatfish eat ?
who wrote the look of love after viewing ursula andress ?
what novel did ian fleming introduce james bond in ?
what is a fear of hair ?
what is the most common boy s or girl s name ?
what does the donation process entail ?
what was the former residence of scottish kings in edinburgh ?
what mammal of north america is the world s longest lived for its size ?
what is the lens behind the iris in the eye called ?
what is a fear of fish ?
what state was named the green mountain state ?
what constellation represents a hunter with club and shield ?
how many mountains have been named for presidents in the continental usa ?
what s the common name for acetylsalicylic acid ?
who is the most sexy celeity ?
who won the nobel peace prize in 1991 ?
what university football team did o . j . simpson take to the rose bowl ?
who are the two sons of ozzie and harriet nelson ?
what actor said in a day at the races either he s dead or my watch has stopped ?
how many stradivarius violins were ever made ?
what are the 7 wonders of the world ?
name one of king henry viii s wives .
what father and son won the medal of honor ?
what country has the most coastline ?
what garment was named for bradley , voorhees and day ?
what is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?
how do you make the color purple ?
what famous comic strip character died of acne ?
who shoplifts ?
what was the worst hurricane ?
what texas city got its name from the spanish for yellow ?
when did the chernobyl nuclear accident occur ?
what is the oldest website on the internet ?
what is proposition 98 about ?
who is the current un secretary general ?
what country boasts ismail s palace and the palace of king farouk ?
who invented the process to make condensed milk ?
which thrilled taste buds first snickers or 3 musketeers ?
what wheel did blaise pascal invent in a search for perpetual motion ?
why does a wheel , e . g . a car tire , appear to spin in the opposite direction as it slows down ?
who co starred with julie andrews in mary poppins ?
when was microsoft established ?
what time of year has the most air travel ?
what nationality is a sicilian ?
what well known actor is the father of star alan alda ?
who killed caesar ?
what is a language spoken by the sioux ?
what is her profession ?
who is the famous movie star who also acted as sewer commissioner of provo canyon , utah ?
what did mighty mouse always sing as he went into action ?
how does a submarine operate ?
how can i call a friend in another country when i do not know the telephone number ?
what famed river flows through bagdad ?
what first name was nipsy russell given at birth ?
who produces spumante ?
what are fingernails made of ?
where can i find correct tabs for third eye blind songs ?
what are the 7 articles of the constitution ?
in my antonia , how is mr . shimerda out of place on the farm ?
name a french fascist party .
who established a viking colony in greenland about 985 ?
what s the second highest mountain in the world ?
in what county is eckley colorado ?
what peter blatty novel recounts the horrors of regan macneil s possession by the devil ?
how can i find a phone number of someone if i only know their email address ?
the iraqis launched their attack on kuwait on what day ?
what is the islamic counterpart to the red cross ?
what is a fear of children ?
what tennis player has the nickname nasty ?
what is drew barrymore s middle name ?
what explorers followed columbus to the americas ?
where did dikembe mutombo go to college ?
what well known music personality is the father of an adopted son named hans christian henderson ?
what information can you get me on fairground park in st . louis
who has won the most super bowls ?
why do magnets attract ?
which infectious disease kills the most people worldwide ?
what s the capital of monaco ?
who was buffalo bill ?
what group kidnaped patricia hearst ?
who was the first english circumnavigator of the globe ?
what state did helen keller call home ?
how is energy created ?
how much is clara peller being paid by wendy s to say where s the beef ?
what does the name calder mean ?
what was the occupation of mandy rice davies ?
how do you tell your parents you are dating an older man ?
how tall is the replica of the matterhorn at disneyland ?
what does nasa stand for ?
what was the christian name of the title character in our miss brooks ?
what is a guild ?
where can one find rider college ?
what is in baby powder and baby lotion that makes it smell the way it does ?
what is last chance for animals ?
what was the ventura county police department that seized the county s largest amount of cocaine ever ?
name the french historical period during the reign of napoleon iii .
what is the present pope named ?
what is the name of the medical condition in which a baby is born without a ain ?
what creative genius said everything comes to him who hustles while he waits ?
name the scar faced bounty hunter of the old west .
where is the idge over the river kwai ?
how do you get dates with the hooters girls ?
who is the prime minister of australia ?
what police force did mack sennett create ?
what war saw battles at parrot s beak and black virgin ?
what cancer is commonly associated with aids ?
which ventura county police department seized the largest cocaine shipment in it s history ?
what is the difference between a college and a university ?
what is the population of the united states ?
what county is chicago in ?
what happened during the blackhawk indian war of 1832 ?
what is a fear of being cold ?
how does food color affect how you think it will taste ?
what does visine get out ?
what is the speed of the mississippi river ?
what is the protagonist s name in dostoevski s the idiot ?
who should i call to get a tour of the new york stock exchange ?
who is the head of the world bank ?
what country boasts cawdor castle , glamis castle , and blair castle ?
what s the world s largest cathedral ?
who shot lee harvey oswald ?
in what year did ireland elect its first woman president ?
who is langston hughes ?
which eakfast cereal ought you the best each morning ?
who wrote dubliners ?
what are the low countries ?
what was the real name of writer ross macdonald , creator of the hero lew archer ?
who is samuel f . pickering ?
who is the monarch of the united kingdom ?
what color is most often used to symbolize truth ?
who wrote the collector ?
what is the difference between fatalism and determinism ?
what does the peugeot company manufacture ?
who is the leader of brunei ?
how is plastic made ?
who was america s first public enemy no . 1 ?
what are the five richest countries in the world ?
how does marl form and what mineral does it contain ?
what is the full form of . com ?
who invented make up ?
what is the abeviated expression for the national bureau of investigation ?
what country s capital is lagos ?
what american won the world grand prix driving championship in 1978 ?
in 1990 , what day of the week did christmas fall on ?
what sport features slotbacks , tailbacks , and touchbacks ?
what tom wolfe book is about the mercury astronauts ?
what golfer has been called ohio fats and blobbo ?
who claimed to be the world s most perfectly developed man ?
madonna advertises for what soft drink ?
what year was the naacp founded ?
where did dylan thomas die ?
what is the origin of the proverb a stitch in time saves nine ?
how long does a dog sleep ?
what double talking professor holds a doctorate in nothing ?
how do i find out the exact time of a sunset for a particular day ?
the olympic games in which year allowed nadia comaneci to become popular ?
what s the only mammal that can t jump ?
what boxer s life story is titled raging bull ?
what is the abeviation of the company name general motors ?
what are birds descendents of ?
how many times a day should you take a prescription marked q . i . d . ?
who appointed the chair of the federal reserve ?
who stopped making diary entries on may 31 , 1669 , because he thought he was going blind ?
what should you yell to hail a taxi in madrid ?
why is microsoft s windows 3 such a successful computer program ?
what does esa pekka salonen look like ?
what type of performer is ileana cotrubas ?
who advised listeners to see the u . s . a . in your chevrolet ?
what cherokee indian gave his name to a tree ?
how much pizza do americans eat in a day ?
what city gained renown for its pea soup fogs ?
what is nuclear proliferation ?
which kevin costner movie involves the sioux indians ?
what is the goat population of the world ?
how many people died because of a smoking problem in 1997 ?
the kentucky horse park is located near what city ?
name a movie that the actress , sandra bullock , had a role in .
in the past 8 years who have the mvp players for the nhl been ?
what are some of the significant historical events of the 1990s ?
how many colors was the 1940s collectible called a donald duck rubber boat ?
what is the nature of snow and how is the formation of snow different from that of ice ?
who was the captain of the tanker , exxon valdez , involved in the oil spill in prince william sound , alaska , 1989 ?
what does a chiropodist treat ?
what is toulmin logic ?
who were the filthiest people alive ?
what are hook worms ?
who starred in singing in the rain and the singing nun ?
in what part of africa is mozambique located ?
what country in 1998 had the most suicides regardless of population size ?
how do you determine if a computer monitor has an svga adapter ?
what s the fifth largest country in the world ?
what is the best place to live in the world , considering climate , civilization ?
how does a chick eathe inside an egg ?
what can i use to remove the stubborn gummed labels from some diskettes ?
how many equal sides are there on a scalene triangle ?
what do bee hives do in cranberry bogs ?
who was the most famous food editor of the new york times ?
what therapy attempts to elicit the primal scream ?
what was john f . kennedy s 1960 campaign song ?
what is a fear of lice ?
what future president became senate majority whip under harry truman ?
what is the website for the usa journal ?
how tall is the matterhorn ?
what was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
how do you find out what is allowed to claim as a contibution for income tax purposes ?
what is the seafaring name for the southern tip of south america ?
what shampoo prevents eczema , seborrhea , and psoriasis ?
what book opens at a certain village in la mancha , which i shall not name . . . ?
what s the population of biloxi , mississippi ?
what has to be produced in a writ of habeas corpus ?
who was the secretary of war in the civil war during the battle of gettysburg ?
what is the largest office block in the world ?
where is the group m people from ?
what future deer hunter portrayed annie hall s neurotic other , duane ?
who held the endurance record for women pilots in 1929 ?
what is the name of the gulf between sweden and finland ?
what condiment do the dutch dip their french fries in ?
what are the poconos ?
what is california s capital ?
what was the date of iraq s invasion of kuwait ?
how fast is light ?
what london street is the home of british journalism ?
when was the internal combustion engine developed ?
name the operating system that runs on ibm compatible machines .
how is water treated to make it safe to drink ?
how can your school march in the macy s thanksgiving parade ?
which one of the original seven mercury program astronauts did not fly on any of the mercury flights ?
what colorful sea s region does greek legend say the amazons lived near ?
what son of a 15 year old mexican girl and a half irish father became the world s most famous greek ?
how many quarts of whole milk is needed to make one pound of butter ?
how can i enforce new rules to a group of youngsters who have been allowed to do as they please .
who s the only man to have won the olympic decathlon twice ?
what food did marco polo introduce into italy from the court of kubla khan ?
how many horses died during the civil war ?
what part of britain comprises the highlands , central lowlands , and southern uplands ?
name of king arthur s sword ?
how many different languages are spoken in europe ?
how many states have a lemon law for new automobiles ?
who is the author of the book , the iron lady a biography of margaret thatcher ?
what country has the highest per capita consumption of cheese ?
what made jane goodall famous ?
what famous soldier was born in europe , died in asia , and was laid to rest in africa ?
what was the species of winnie the pooh ?
what is the aim 54c phoenix ?
what s the origin of the word news ?
how can i find a list of , fax and or email , addresses for human resource departments in massachusetts ?
how much will gas be taxed in california by the year 2000 ?
what words in the english have two u s back to back ?
what phone number can i call to have a tree planted ?
what is it like to experience a near death episode ?
what u . s . state comes last in an alphabetical list ?
what is the date of bastille day ?
how many teats does a female goat sport ?
who kept the most famous diary in the english language ?
what french leader sold louisiana to the united states ?
what is the origin of the word ozymandias ?
where is former pro wrestler johnny rubber man walker ?
what city is the setting for puccini s opera la boheme ?
when was the congress of vienna ?
what war did florence nightingale tend the troops in ?
what was the vietnam war ?
what type is a snail ?
what s another name for aspartame ?
what 1965 film had jack lemmon portraying a cartoonist ?
when was the slinky invented ?
what does the dot on the letter i mean ?
what kind of sport is often associated with hooligans ?
what countries have the largest areas of forest ?
what nuclear powered russian submarine sank in the norwegian sea on april 7 , 1989 ?
where can i read about aaham lincoln ?
how many colored squares are there on a rubik s cube ?
what is a fear of worms ?
what stringed weapon fires a bolt ?
what are the cleveland indians also called ?
what dummy received an honorary degree from northwestern university ?
what are the shortest and the longest songs ever produced ?
what was mark johnson referring to when he said i still can t believe it we beat the russians ?
what is the wingspan of a condor ?
who is the greek god of the sea ?
what s the highest ranking suit in idge ?
what does a chef coddle eggs in ?
who murdered leno and rosemary labianca on august 1
what instrument does benny carter play ?
how long should a person wash their hands before they are clean ?
what is the s p 500 used for ?
why are so many umellas black ?
who created the monster in mary shelley s novel frankenstein ?
which mammal lives , eeds , eats , and sleeps underground ?
who holds the career record for the most major league home runs ?
how does cos cob , ct get its name ?
what are the 10 plagues of egypt ?
where can i find the schematics to the windshield wiper mechanism ?
how can you tell if someone is lying ?
who said what contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?
what is the airline built for professional travelers ?
what does nafta stand for ?
what is the only substance that gives food its taste when eaten ?
who made the deodorant that claimed that it actually builds up resistance to odor ?
what kennedy was married to ethel ?
what is the abeviated form of the national bureau of investigation ?
what u . s . state has sageush as its state flower ?
what is the origin of the christmas tree ?
what ice creams contain seaweed ?
what according to the kinsey institute , is the sexual preference of four percent of american males ?
what s the most abundant element in the sun ?
who is coronado ?
what does snafu stand for ?
where was the first zoo in the u . s . ?
who is henry butler ?
who invented the fax machine ?
when was the ussr dissolved ?
who was the first woman golfer to earn a million ?
what was the first ready to eat eakfast cereal ?
how do telephones work ?
what is the home rule act ?
what president was buried at his ancestral home overlooking the hudson river at hyde park , new york ?
what is the name of the jewish alphabet ?
who is rocky s and bullwinkle s ever lost friend ?
what s the meaning of uol ?
who played the part of the godfather in the movie , the godfather ?
what three colors are on the french flag ?
when did swimming become commonplace ?
what does seccession mean ?
what happens when lightning strikes a body of water ?
who wrote brave new world ?
what were the first bodies visited by spacecraft ?
what fowl grabs the spotlight after the chinese year of the monkey ?
in hemingway s old man and the sea , what kind of fish does the old man catch ?
what are the top ten all time money making nfl teams ?
what are other ways of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy , weight loss , and weight lifting ?
what does an irate car owner call iron oxide ?
what country owns corsica ?
what comedian was the perfect fool ?
what were hairy bank notes in the fur trade ?
why did the aztecs first think the spanish were gods ?
who was the only u . s . president to wear a nazi uniform ?
what was the name of sergeant preston of the yukon s lead dog ?
how many cherubs are there on a trivial pursuit board ?
how do fuel injectors work ?
what qualifications are there for individuals donating blood ?
what company produces spumante ?
where is the virtual desk reference ?
what does aaron mean ?
what college football team did knute rockne build into a power ?
what two new york yankee pitchers swapped wives and families ?
what s the international radio code word for the letter b ?
what was the name of the 1899 policy forced on china by which all nations had equal trading rights ?
who portrayed maggio in the film from here to eternity ?
what did the crocodile swallow in peter pan ?
what does the method called cold fusion create ?
what river is pocahontas buried along ?
what is steve rogers s profession when he s not captain america ?
what political party is sinn fein a part of ?
what s the staff of life mentioned in the lord s prayer ?
which latin american country is the largest ?
what bottled up tv character was born in baghdad ?
what famous singing cowboy owns the california angels baseball team ?
what is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?
what are manifest and latent function theories ?
what two us biochemists won the nobel prize in medicine in 1992 ?
how big is our galaxy in diameter ?
what is the average cost for four years of medical school ?
which side should a bowler facing a 37803 split hit the 3 pin on the left or the right ?
how many frames does a disk camera shoot ?
what are the odds of giving birth to twins ?
in which sport is there a scrum ?
what are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
what classical spanish writer warned all that glitters is not gold ?
what is a technique popularly used to detect birth defects ?
how do i stop background noise in a car stereo ?
what s the name of the wilkes plantation in gone with the wind ?
what dropped 1 , 313 feet in 1980 ?
who domesticated the wild turkey ?
what former african leader held his country s boxing title for nine years ?
how many oceans are there and name them ?
how can you prevent it ?
how does marijuana lead to other drugs ?
what was mao , the chinese leader s , full name ?
what s the name of the tokyo stock exchange ?
who sang the song hooked on a feeling in the dancing baby episode of ally mcbeal ?
what is the gay science ?
how much is a canadian 1967 twenty dollar gold coin worth ?
where can i find all the information i need to know about the english civil war , 1642 1649 , ?
where did indian pudding come from ?
what was america s recessed filter cigarette ?
how many beanie baby sites are there ?
what is the second hardest substance ?
what schools in the washington , dc nn nn vbp nn nn nn nn .
what are the four most widely used languages in north america ?
what is the population of kansas ?
what is the smallest country in africa ?
in what city does maurizio pellegrin now live ?
who bestowed great power upon captain britain ?
what was the name of robert fulton s most famous steamboat ?
when is bastille day ?
what are kythnos , siphnos , seriphos and mykonos ?
what s the name of the star of the cooking show , galloping gourmet ?
who shot billy the kid ?
what element , from the periodic table , is a gas or a solid , but never a liquid ?
where was george washington born ?
when is the thai new year ?
how do you recognize anorexia ?
which country is australia s largest export market ?
what is the origin of the word trigonometry ?
what movie has made the most money ?
what is the meaning of jesus ?
what was the distinguishing mark on the little rascals dog ?
what is the difference between pop music and rock and roll ?
what causes the redness in your cheeks when you blush ?
how many miles is it to ohio from north carolina ?
give a reason for american indians oftentimes dropping out of school .
what is the difference between new york style and chicago style pizza ?
who makes the cross your heart a ?
how does zatanna perform her magic in dc comics ?
where can i find book reviews of turbulent souls ?
what s the most common street name in america ?
who makes the die hard car battery ?
which member of the micronauts spent 1 years traveling the microverse in the marvel comics ?
where were the 1936 summer olympics held ?
how many people are taller than 7 feet ?
how do you handle a hungry man ?
where is mile high stadium ?
which is the best opening move in chess ?
what percentage of all world tornados touch down in the us ?
what was archy , and mehitabel ?
what are the most common elements in seawater ?
what does an ashen faced eidologist search out the existence of ?
how many horses are there on a polo team ?
what season is the setting for shakespeare s midsummer night s dream ?
what s the second most used vowel in english ?
what are people doing to help prevent the extinction of birds ?
what did aaron hass write ?
who created dennis the menace ?
who wrote the pit and the pendulum ?
what are the biggest indian airports ?
who was the 15th century fire and imstone monk who gained control of florence but ended burnt at the stake ?
how many varieties of twins are there ?
who was in death of a salesman original movie , not 1985 ?
what was michelangelo s last name ?
when did nixon die ?
who made the largest cocaine seizure in ventura county history ?
what famous film and tv cowboy lent his name to a fast food chain ?
when was john d . rockefeller born ?
what year was janet jackson s first album released ?
where did the marriage ceremony come from ?
what did fcc chairman newton minow declare tv to be on may 9 , 1961 ?
how many stars are there in big dipper ?
what did delilah do to samson s hair ?
what s a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?
what country has the largest sheep population ?
who shot and killed himself while painting wheatfield with crows ?
how often are quadruplets born ?
what common plant has a button , cap , cup , gills , and ring ?
what river runs through liverpool ?
what is form drag ?
what game is garry kasparov really good at ?
how can you define time ?
what s the most extensively grown and eaten food ?
what is the snowiest city in the u . s . ?
when was queen victoria born ?
to what does microsoft s windows 3 owe its success ?
what was the verdict in the 1925 trial of john t . scopes ?
what are the environmental influences on plant genetics ?
what mountain range extends from the gulf of st . lawrence to alabama ?
what is average salary of restaurant manager in united states ?
what little red car is mentioned in pop singer prince s hit song ?
what is object oriented design ?
what is mikhail gorbachev s middle initial ?
what gaming devices were dubbed mississippi marbles and memphis dominoes ?
what is drew barrymore s email address ?
what city is graced by the arch of titus ?
what harmful chemicals are in bug spray ?
what nobel laureate was expelled from the philippines before the conference on east timor ?
what are the top vegetable crops in the world ?
what happened on january 15 , 1969 ?
who did jackie kennedy commission to write the death of a president ?
where is there information on the novel el cid ?
what is a person s socioeconomic position ?
what is a fear of home surroundings ?
what has been the most common christian name of u . s . presidents ?
why do some people have two different color eyes ?
why do the chickenpoxs last so long ?
what well known tv talk show host was a lay preacher by the time he was seventeen ?
what caused shea gould to close their l . a . office ?
when did israel begin turning the gaza strip and jericho over to the plo ?
what is the name of joan jett s band ?
who is the president of the spanish government ?
how much will the california be in the year 2000 ?
what measures did clinton take to avoid the draft ?
what director made one silent and one sound version of the ten commandments ?
where was the cisalpine republic , 1797 185 , ?
what was dwight eisenhower s favorite card game ?
who s played the most games for the new york yankees ?
who are the challengers of the unknown ?
what was the name of the first watergate special prosecutor , later fired by nixon ?
how many people die of tuberculosis yearly ?
how was lawrence
where can i find a world atlas map online at no charge ?
how you can raise your iq ?
how many rows of whiskers does a cat have ?
how many students attend the university of massachusetts ?
what radio station did paul harvey work for ?
what is the largest city in connecticut ?
what did british companies stick 175 , 0 tons of tea into in 1982 ?
what is cabarnet sauvignon ?
what is the difference between a median and a mean ?
who invented the fountain ?
where was christopher columbus born ?
what is the last name of lucy and linus from the peanut s comic strip ?
what movie tour of the roman empire features the admonition row well and live ?
where did the real st . nicholas live ?
what is the capital of kosovo ?
what are the four elements ?
how do you build a solar car for a high school experiment ?
what african capital is named for a u . s . president ?
how is answers . com different from knowpost . com ?
what did lenny bruce say that got him arrested ?
how many more weeks of winter are there if a ground hog sees his shadow ?
what year did spielberg make jaws ?
what is a bone marrow transplant meant for ?
what motto ended merrie melodies cartoons ?
how does light travel through the void of space if there is no medium for it to wave or pulse .
who invented panties ?
what is the lowest level of the american judiciary ?
how can i get in touch with michael moore of roger me ?
what dictator has the nickname el maximo ?
why is hockey so violent ?
when was berlin s brandenburg gate erected ?
name of heroine in scruples ?
which of the seven dwarfs comes first alphabetically ?
what two countries in south america are landlocked ?
what should the temperature be set at while baking peachy oat muffins ?
what is a neurosurgeon ?
who sings the song drink to me with thine eyes by ben johnson ?
where is mozambique located ?
how do websites like yahoo and excite make money ?
what is dudley do right s horse s name ?
what then derogatory term was applied to the painters monet , sisley , pissarro , renoir and degas ?
whose first presidential order was let s get this goddamn thing airborne ?
how do you make panoramic sugar eggs for easter the ones with the scene inside ?
what is the difference between optical and digital video ?
how many small businesses are there in the united states ?
when is the site www . questions . com going to open ?
what nutrients are for healthy bones and teeth ?
what is the only animal that can turn its stomach inside out ?
what does a dipsomaniac crave ?
why does the sun shine only a short time in alaska ?
what did ontosauruses eat ?
how do you use an intranet ?
what children s tale contains the line come , cinderslut , and hold this skein of wool for me ?
what nuclear process takes place in an h bomb ?
what does the name anthony mean ?
what is the origin of the expression four letter word ?
how many calories are there in a big mac ?
what color of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chops ?
what class is categorized as the bourgeoisie ?
where can i get a complete listing of showtimes in my area ?
what are the side effects of mevacor ?
what s an infant seal called ?
where is the isle of man ?
what was einstein s iq ?
what six foot temperance advocate wielded her hatchet on saloons ?
who was sherlock holmes s archenemy ?
how many years did it take james joyce to write ulysses ?
how did the 7th inning stretch get started ?
what civil war was fought between 1936 and 1939 ?
what is the length of border between the ukraine and russia ?
what is the history of buffalo chicken wings ?
what makes black hills , south dakota a tourist attraction ?
who said of super bowl iii in 1969 we ll win i guarantee it ?
what does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?
how many times can a nickel cadmium rechargeable battery be recharged ?
what late night tv show features larry , bud , melman and toast on a stick ?
how many earthworms are in a single pasture ?
what does caliente mean , in english ?
where does bovine come from ?
what is state tree of neaska ?
what are the conjugations of wake and woke ?
what was the name of the peace agreement imposed on germany after world war i ?
how many cards is each player dealt in contract bridge ?
what is the dot on an the letter i called ?
what is the classic definition of tragic hero ?
what overalls are named for dungri , a suburb of bombay ?
what is the name given to a group of geese ?
what is the washed vodka ?
what was called the world s largest department store ?
what predators exist on antarctica ?
how do i start a web based business ?
what is the economic impact of unemployment on the economy ?
what was another name for east germany ?
who is malaysia s 43rd prime minister ?
who is the prophet that is most connected to the dead sea ?
who was the author of the famous fairy tale snow white and seven dwarfs ?
who won the first world series ?
what are the largest eweries in the world ?
what are all the different types of pizza ?
how many inches over six feet is tom selleck ?
what were the causes of the civil war ?
how many vietnamese were there in the soviet union ?
when was the bar code invented ?
which high schools are included in the south florida ice hockey league ?
what is a geoscientist ?
what asian country has a bill of rights for cows ?
what month s third weekend is the monterey jazz festival held on ?
what is the u . s . location of procter gamble corporate offices ?
what singer s theme song was when the moon comes over the mountain ?
who comprised the now defunct comic book team known as the champions ?
what song did patti page set people dancing to in 1950 ?
how many bytes are in a terabyte ?
who was president cleveland s wife ?
who invented volleyball ?
what sport can a free legged pacer compete in ?
who wrote the sci fi trilogy foundation , foundation and empire , and second foundation ?
what is html ?
what does hiv stand for ?
what is the text of the fifth amendment ?
who sang about desmond and molly jones ?
when was the first american encyclopedia published ?
what country was general douglas mcarthur in when he was recalled by president truman ?
who did bobby fischer beat to win the world chess championship ?
what company is the largest japanese ship builder ?
where can i find an ask an expert site ?
what was the name of the american ship sunk by a mine in havana harbor , causing the spanish american war ?
what s the no . 1 killer in industrialized countries ?
what river does the grand coulee dam dam ?
what is an arab strap ?
who replies i know to princess leia s confession i love you in the empire strikes back ?
what are the words to the song sung by banana in pajamas ?
how do i change a file from an art file to a jpeg or bitmap file ?
where are the 49 steps ?
how do you say , i love you in other languages ?
how do you pronounce tzimisce ?
who is stein eriksen ?
what hollywood dog died in the arms of jean harlow in 1932 ?
what british female pop singing star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and 50s ?
how many major nazi leaders went on trial after the war at nuremberg ?
how do i register a trade name in north carolina ?
name the two actress daughters of john mills .
who was damocles ?
what muhammad ali maneuver was george foreman the first victim of ?
what took first prize in omni magazine s contest to find the ultimate unanswerable question ?
how many cities are there in utah ?
who played humpty dumpty in the 1933 film alice in wonderland ?
where s the gum department store ?
define the pheonix club ?
what is the best art and design school in the world ?
what magic does mandrake employ ?
which is the largest clock , diameter wise , in europe ?
what fruit topped actress was known as the brazilian bombshell ?
how do you become a dentist ?
how do microwaves work ?
what substance did joseph priestley name for its ability to erase pencil marks ?
what film was jude law in ?
what homerian epic chronicles events toward the end of the trojan wars ?
what is the tallest building in japan ?
when did the neanderthal man live ?
what ead company used to feature stickers of the cisco kid on the ends of their packages ?
what crooner joined the andrews sisters for pistol packin mama ?
what do you call a date that contains sequencing numbers , like 9 8 98 ?
what are the top ten most common girl names in the us ?
what s the difference between tft and dual scan display ?
what is the virus hiv ?
what is the song stairway to heaven by led zeppelin about ?
who invented the vacuum cleaner ?
what ocean surrounds the maldive islands ?
the corpus callosum is in what part of the body ?
how long does the average domesticated ferret live ?
name the tree growing company .
what country was a terrible beauty to leon uris ?
the kentucky horse park is close to which american city ?
what is the great american family cereal ?
what famous events have happened on march 27 ?
what and of jeans did calvin klein admit in a 1984 interview he felt more comfortable wearing ?
what does shield stand for ?
what are the diseases that can be cured by black cumin ?
where did the world come from ?
what magazine gives us the cream , not the skim ?
what state is known as the hawkeye state ?
what magazine paid 5 , 000 for an eight millimeter film of john f . kennedy s assassination ?
what name did football s new york titans adopt in 1963 ?
what year was the atm first introduced ?
what city is served by mccarren airport ?
how much money did the marcos steal from their country ?
what golfing accessory was patented by george grant on december 12
cpr is the abeviation for what ?
how can i find a list of celeities real names ?
what two presidents of the u . s . published books of poetry ?
what is a fear of ruin ?
how long were tyrannosaurus rex s teeth ?
what nationality is gorbachev ?
what country has the best defensive position in the board game diplomacy ?
how many hostages were killed in the entebbe raid ?
what else has the swastika stood for ?
who were the yankee s frequent enemies ?
what country boasts the most dams ?
who was actress june havoc s legendary sister ?
what countries does the mont blanc tunnel join ?
what was franklin roosevelt s program for economic recovery called during the great depression ?
what 1915 film was the first to gross 5 million ?
whose autobiography is titled yes i can ?
what is the chromosome number of an elephant ?
what world war ii leader declared the blow has been struck ?
where is amsterdam ?
which company that manufactures video game hardware sells the super system ?
what eed of dog was the little rascals dog ?
what are the short and long term effects of underage drinking ?
what is a hyperlink ?
who was the lyricist and who was the composer between gilbert and sullivan ?
what makes thunder ?
why do men snore ?
what are the wolverine habits ?
who were the 1974 oscar winners ?
what country imposed the berlin blockade in 1948 ?
what onetime member of ronald reagan s cabinet called federal policy toward indians an example of the failure of socialism ?
where can i find the best free evidence for debate about russia ?
who invented the game bowling ?
how do birds have sex ?
what s a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?
what is dtmf ?
what is the tallest mountain ?
what california desert is dubbed high desert ?
who is mia farrow s mother ?
who asked the musical question have you ever been to electric lady land ?
what is the name of miss india 1994 ?
what does bmw stand for ?
when did nostradamus believe world war iii would begin ?
how many astronauts have been on the moon ?
cnn is the abeviation for what ?
who is johnny carson ?
what film featured a snarly character named kid shelleen ?
what powdered soft drink mix went into space ?
who wrote much ado about nothing ?
what four tastes can a human distinguish ?
what does necrosis mean ?
what color is the cross on switzerland s flag ?
on which dates does the running of the bulls occur in pamplona , spain ?
how do i start a bank ?
name dondi s adoptive grandfather .
what type of currency is used in china ?
what army was founded by william booth and his wife catherine ?
what are the words to the cd eminem s , or slim shady , my name is ?
how do i find out about jobs ?
what is a devo hat ?
how fast can a corvette go ?
what is the oldest website on the internet ?
what is plc ?
who portrayed vincent van gogh in lust for life ?
how long should you feed your puppy purina puppy chow ?
what color were ernest hemingway s eyes ?
rotary engines were manufactured by which company ?
what is idealab ! ?
how can i find out how much it costs to raise a baby for six months ?
what are cushman and wakefield known for ?
hitler came to power in germany in what year ?
who is the mayor of marbella ?
what radio , tv and movie character did jackie gleason and william bendix play ?
what is the scotch for people who know the difference ?
who was the lawyer who represented randy steven craft ?
what do you need to do to marry someone in jail ?
what italian liner was hijacked in 1985 ?
what year did the war of 1812 begin ?
what is the current unemployment rate in the u . s . ?
how many times in his 16 year national basketball associaton career was john havlicek a member of the all star team ?
what is tumbled marble ?
how many lawyers are there in the state of new jersey ?
what is ouzo ?
what day is august 13 , 1971 ?
how many dots make up the symbol for because ?
what are the three animals in sheila burnford s the incredible journey ?
what kind of meat is fray bentos synonymous with ?
what is the mean income of the top 10 , top 5 , and top 1 ?
what company makes impulse hardening equipment ?
which condiment was once sold as a patent medicine ?
how many colonies were involved in the american revolution ?
who s the only u . s . president to have won a pulitzer prize ?
where s the petrified forest ?
what italian leader had a lifelong fear of the evil eye ?
what are the two cities in dicken s a tale of two cities ?
who was picasso ?
who invented the stethoscope ?
who was the supreme god of germanic religion ?
what is the average time to kiss somene ?
where in the bible does it tell about jesus christ s others and sisters ?
why didn t european colonial rule spread until after the first and second industrial revolutions ?
what caused an adjournment of the 25th anniversary session of the united nations general assembly ?
what labor leader was last seen in the parking lot of a michigan restaurant ?
what s a water funnel ?
what is the most common kind of skin cancer in the u . s . ?
how many spaces follow a period at the end of a sentence ?
what is the location of mccarren airport ?
where does buzz aldrin want to build a permanent , manned space station ?
what are the four largest mountain ranges in the continental united states ?
what city has a newspaper called the plain dealer ?
how do you stop junk snail mail ?
what food can i use to catch a possum ?
what country has been called the queen of the antilles ?
how do you make a computer chip ?
what planet did percival lovell discover ?
where is belize located ?
what people make up half the soviet union s population ?
what relative of the racoon is sometimes known as the cat bear ?
what australian city became the home of the america s cup ?
what year did nylon stockings first go on sale ?
what explosive do you get by mixing charcoal , sulfur and saltpeter ?
what is the location of edinburgh , scotland ?
what information can you tell me about actor james cromwell ?
what do you know about multicultural and multilingual schools ?
how many endangered species are there in the world ?
when did the jurassic period end ?
who told all in ball four ?
what tv series changed the names to protect the innocent ?
who is the voice of miss piggy ?
what s the supreme policy making bureau of the soviet communist party ?
what is a handheld pc ?
what former royal palace has served as a granary , prison , arsenal , leper colony , mint , telegraph station and whorehouse before becoming an art museum ?
what 1920s cowboy star rode tony the wonder horse ?
what president s ghost is said to haunt the white house ?
which city has the oldest relationship as a sister city with los angeles ?
where do hyenas live ?
how much did the first barbie doll sell for in 1959 ?
what u . s . state is mammoth cave national park in ?
what 12 hour cold medicine uses the formula 6 , 6 , 12 in its ads ?
what president also became a supreme court justice ?
what does bud stand for ?
how does a hydroelectric dam work ?
what city is served by logan international airport ?
what artist s studio was the bateau lavoir in montmartre ?
what are snowballs to a hot rodder ?
what is archimedes famous for ?
what animal dined on ead and oysters with a carpenter ?
what is the difference between molecules and compounds ?
what tale has the moral he who wants everything gets nothing ?
what is the oldest building in the united states ?
what is judy garland s date of birth ?
what is the airport code for los angeles international ?
how do you do a bibliography page ?
what las vegas hotel burned in november , 1980 , with the loss of 84 lives ?
what do you call a book of quotes ?
which medium is hamblen the first singing cowboy in ?
what fruit does the ficus produce ?
how did the war of 1812 affect delaware ?
what s comic strip photographer peter parker s secret identity ?
what is different about the red and black fox ?
what letter adorns the flag of rwanda ?
how many claws has a lobster called a pistol lost ?
what happened to phillip taylor kramer ?
how long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?
what is object oriented design ?
what is grenada s main commodity export ?
how much snow equals an inch of rain ?
where is the kentucky horse park located ?
what sports magazine has the largest circulation ?
how much of the earth s surface is permanently frozen ?
what gate opened on east and west berlin ?
what is the name of the police officer who tried to keep order in top cat s neighborhood ?
where is poe s birthplace ?
what pope inaugurated vatican international radio ?
how long does a human live ?
which continent has the most roses ?
what is pittsburgh s baseball team called ?
what is leukemia ?
what actor s autobiography is titled all my yesterdays ?
why do some jets have a vapor trail , and others do not ?
what famed tennis tournament s men s singles title was fred perry the last englishman to win ?
what card game derived its name from biritch , or russian whist ?
what kind of education would you need to become an athletic trainer for the nfl ?
how can i get someone s email address ?
what 19th century painter died in the marquesas islands ?
name the two mystical ravens odin has at his command .
what is hyperopia ?
who directed citizen kane ?
ray charles is best known for playing what instrument ?
in what religion was isis the nature goddess ?
when did jaco pastorius die ?
who developed the first polio vaccine ?
where does the tennis star stefan edberg come from ?
who founded the modern theory of probability ?
where do you find information about the queensland national competition policy
what four u . s . states have active volcanoes ?
how many times larger than life size is the statue of liberty ?
what mormon leader was said to have had 27 wives ?
what is the recipe for eggs benedict ?
what is the average time it takes for a male to ejaculate ?
who portrayed fatman in the television show , jake and the fatman ?
what new york city landmark has 168 steps to its crown ?
what does cnn stand for ?
when was ozzy osbourne born ?
where is melbourne ?
what does las vegas mean ?
what is chiricahua the name of ?
aspartame is known by what other name ?
what film dramatized the scopes monkey trial ?
what is the main ingredient of yogurt ?
why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?
what major league baseball team compiled the best won lost record between 1957 and 1983 ?
what woman pitcher has struck out ted williams and hank aaron ?
what is the origin of the word sideburns ?
what is the homelite inc . home page ?
who was the first american poet to win the nobel prize for literature , in 1948 ?
who commanded the french forces at the battle of orleans ?
who started the dominos pizza chain ?
what is the definition of hazmat ?
what do i call the sons and daughters of my first cousins ?
what country saw the origin of the asian flu ?
who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ?
what country is the setting for edgar allan poe s the pit and the pendulum ?
what is the chemical reactivity of neon ?
who was the first woman to fly solo across the atlantic ?
how many meters are in a mile ?
what disease plagued europe , africa and asia ?
what was thatcher s first name ?
what are the three secondary colors ?
why do people get goosebumps when they have something emotional happen to them , like when they hear a beautiful piece of music , or see something beautiful , or get aroused by someone they love ?
how many american soldiers remain unaccounted from the vietnam war ?
what is the acronym for the national bureau of investigation ?
what is the bear of beers ?
how big is a baby bald eagle ?
what is a node in computer terms ?
who sent the ief message i came , i saw , i conquered ?
what city is sometimes called the athens of switzerland ?
what does tiffany mean ?
how did peabody and sherman travel through time ?
how can i find online spelling , and punctuation drills for my 6th grader ?
why does cotton get caught in belly buttons ?
what s the most common nickname of u . s . college football teams ?
what u . s . state borders illinois to the north ?
who wrote the song , stardust ?
the shea gould law firm had an office in l . a . for how many years ?
what are the chemicals used in glowsticks ?
what is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
what are the only two states that incorporate the confederate battle flag in their flags ?
stuart hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of which medium ?
what direction do most baseball pitchers pitch toward ?
what is the starting salary of a radiographer ?
what california governor said inaction may be the highest form of action ?
what are the two largest birds on earth ?
how many people died in the vietnam war ?
why did david koresh ask the fbi for a word processor ?
what does the technique called cold fusion produce ?
what is a word whose letters can be rearranged to form a different word ?
what does larry king do for a living ?
how many people live in chile ?
what president kissed the queen mother on the lips ?
what are the three most populated countries in the world ?
what u . s . president was the first to eed mules ?
what was the chivington massacre ?
what do you say to a friend who ignores you for other friends ?
what does msg stand for ?
when did aldous huxley write , brave new world ?
how many consecutive baseball games did lou gehrig play ?
how do i find a snowboarding website ?
who was the last woman executed in england ?
where can i buy a hat like the kind jay kay from jamiroquai wears ?
how many hands does bjorn borg use when hitting his forehand ?
name a technique widely used to detect birth defects ?
what does a tarantula eat ?
what is la nina ?
what comic of tv s golden age went by the motto anything for a laugh ?
which large u . s . city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?
how many disks does each player have in a four handed game of crokinole ?
who is the mathematician that won the noble prize for literature in 1950 ?
what ever happened to the once popular yale lock company ?
who was the first actress to appear on a postage stamp ?
what are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
who designed london bridge ?
how can sql queries be improved ?
what were the trials called which followed world war ii ?
what are the top 5 fiction books of all time ?
what u . s . state ends with a g ?
what was the birthplace of edgar allen poe ?
what video game hero do some of his fans call chomper ?
what does nn o mean when used as a prefix in irish surnames ?
what is a virtual ip address ?
where is natick ?
who is the premier of china ?
what u . s . congressman said keep the faith , baby .
what are names of two old men who appear in the serial tv muppets show ?
what mediterranean island is home to the first club med ?
how can i register my website in yahoo for free ?
what country did the ancient romans refer to as hibernia ?
which came first , according to genesis 1 2 22 the chicken or the egg ?
what actor married john f . kennedy s sister ?
what money was used by them ?
why does a candle need a wick ?
what is a fear of thunder ?
what does verdandi mean ?
what president lived at 219 north delaware street , independence , missouri ?
where can one find information on religion and health , the ain and nutrition ?
what is chicago hope ?
what is the plural of gulf ?
what is the chemical symbol for nitrogen ?
what city contains the district of hell s kitchen ?
what u . s . state has an element named for it ?
why are there no white lines on pro footballs ?
how did edith bunker die ?
who won oscars for her roles in gone with the wind and a streetcar named desire ?
what is the word for love of pain or abuse ?
which oil company almost picked a word that meant stalled car in japanese as its new international name ?
how many gallons of water go over niagra falls every second ?
what soft drink would provide me with the biggest intake of caffeine ?
how long does it take different materials to decompose ?
who plays shortstop for charlie brown s baseball team ?
what is the best way to remove wallpaper ?
what does a polyorchid man have at least three of ?
who is shirley maclaine ?
who directed the wild bunch ?
how long does it take sunlight to reach earth ?
how big is australia ?
what is a green bog ?
which city did christian crusaders fight to recapture from the muslims ?
when not adventuring on rann , what does adam strange call his profession ?
in the song yankee doodle , why did yankee doodle stick a feather in his cap and call it macaroni ?
why is chicago named chicago ?
what is chronic constipation a symptom of ?
what does the t . s . stand for in t . s . eliot s name ?
who thought he d never see a poem lovely as a tree ?
where can i buy a good snowboard for less than 200 ?
what happened in the long march ?
how do they find an epicenter ?
what u . s . state includes the san juan islands ?
which gender has bigger thighs ?
what is an isthmus ?
what does btu mean ?
who wrote the farmer s almanac ?
what city was president william mckinley shot in ?
how many wings does a flea have ?
what is the history of valentine s day cards ?
what are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born child in judaism called ?
which of the following rock n roll stars has a star on hollywood boulevard ?
what were the three prophecies the witches make to macbeth ?
what was the name given the 6 , 500 german airforce troops that used the spanish civil war as a training exercise ?
why do oceans contain salt water instead of fresh water ?
how does belle describe her life in beauty and the beast ?
what s the symbol for the zodiacal sign gemini ?
what is the largest shopping mall in the world ?
what animals can live the longest without food ?
in what medium is stuart hamblen considered to be the first singing cowboy ?
in what city is the headquarters of sinn fein ?
what is the distinction of erle stanley gardner s the case of the terrified typist ?
how does psorisis disappear ?
what term does a czech use to describe a pole ?
what is e commerce ?
what russian seaport has a name meaning lord of the east ?
what singer sings oh boy ?
which ear can most people hear better with ?
what is the abeviation of general motors ?
what events happened january 26 , 1978 ?
what is saltpeter ?
what shakespearean play featured shylock ?
what is the internet2 ?
what businesses in alaska were affected by the exxon valdez oil spill ?
who was shakespeare s moorish general ?
what race is 1 , 137 miles long ?
what is a false moon ?
what color tennis balls are used at wimbledon ?
who wrote the bible ?
what is the origin of the surname of braun ?
when did lucelly garcia , a former ambassador of columbia to honduras , die ?
what chocolate bar created by frank mars and his wife is often called a milky way with peanuts ?
who is the one independent member of congress ?
what do the names andrew and christina mean ?
what do chefs call the master spice ?
in what year was the cannon invented ?
what is the only primate to lack pigment in the palms of its hands ?
how big is a normal size penis for a 15 year old ?
when was dubai s first concrete house built ?
how many times a day does the typical person go to the bathroom ?
independent silversmith s account for what percentage of silver production ?
what effect does lsd have on the ain ?
what color beans did the ancient romans refuse to eat ?
what was the longest war in u . s . history ?
what meter did shakespeare use in writing to be , or not to be , that is the question . . . ?
what does nicholas cage do for a living ?
how does blood clot ?
how many americans fought for the british in the american revolution ?
what is the chemiosmotic theory ?
what is alternative anymore ?
how many boys play the game in winslow homer s 1872 painting snap the whip ?
how is bubble wrap made ?
how do you say fresh in spanish ?
what is the chemical formula for napalm ?
where are the haversian canals ?
what building appropriately enough is depicted on the back of the 1 dollar bill ?
name a south african diamond producer ?
who painted soft self portrait with grilled bacon ?
what s a coup de poing to a french boxer ?
what rabbit got its name because its ears resembled those of a jackass ?
who were john f . kennedy s dogs ?
what s the official animal of canada ?
how many years ago did the ship titanic sink ?
where are 8 of the 10 highest mountains in the world ?
what is crabgrass ?
italy is the largest producer of what ?
what book does holden caulfield appear in ?
what are the first names of the famous husband and wife acting team of lunt and fontanne ?
what company s logo is a w in a circle ?
on which hawaiian island is pearl harbor ?
which one of the great lakes is entirely within u . s . territory ?
what is the difference between the anus and the rectum ?
where are the busiest amtrak rail stations in the u . s . ?
how many chairs are shown in vincent van gogh s 188 work the artist s room in arles ?
who invented the electric guitar ?
who is the fastest swimmer in the world ?
what fastener did whitcomb judson patent in 1893 ?
what color is the lipstick on boy george s wax lips at london s madame tussaud s ?
what is a canada two penny black ?
what was the infamous pseudonym of peter sutcliffe ?
what hockey team did wayne gretzky play for ?
what is tetrinet ?
what is the per capita income of colombia , south america , ?
how much money does the sultan of brunei have ?
where does the u . s . rank among world countries in area ?
what was the tragedy that struck the city of dogtown in 1899 ?
what are the top 10 colleges in the united states in the field of engineering ?
what kind of species is the monster in the film jaws ?
what did louis cartier invent for aviator santos dumont in 1940 ?
who are the presidents of mexico and indonesia ?
what are some good exercises for kids to do ?
who s the only president buried in washington
who wrote unsafe at any speed ?
what animal migrates the farthest ?
what do humans catch zoonose diseases from ?
define spumante .
who was the first american world chess champion ?
what disease did august von wassermann develop a specific test for in 196 ?
what blood sport features a movement called a veronica ?
who directed jaws ?
what state has the longest great lakes shoreline ?
how do storms form ?
what was the tallest building in america in 1922 ?
where on the internet can i get chemicals importers ?
how tall is prince charles ?
how can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse ?
what attorneys work for the center for the defense of free enterprise ?
the orange bowl is located in what city ?
who was with patricia hearst the night she was kidnaped ?
whom does uncle duke s girl friend , honey , room with ?
name the two youngsters saved by the animated moby dick .
what u . s . state has the second longest coastline ?
what year did rossetti paint beata beatrix ?
where can i find a case on individuals with disabilities education act of 1991 ?
name the blind sculptress in love with the fantastic four s thing .
what good are mosquitoes ?
what american sergeant lost both of his hands in combat during world war ii and then went on to act in a single movie for which he won two oscars ?
name the soft drink that is number one in the sun .
which king signed the magna carta ?
how do i find info about rice importers in the world ?
what are close encounters of the first and second kind ?
what southwestern state is dubbed the silver state ?
how many of every 10 members of the rodeo cowboys association have never worked a ranch ?
how many bones are there in the human hand ?
how many corners does a spritsail have ?
what director portrayed the commandant of the pow camp in 1953 s stalag 17 ?
what monarch signed the magna carta ?
what was the backup singing group for roy rogers ?
how did asia get its name ?
how does a small businessman contact the good humor ice cream company to do business with them ?
what is the federal minimum wage ?
what do peacocks mate with ?
how do you make dumplings ?
what s the international radio code word for the letter f ?
how do i give a good massage ?
where did the mayan indians live ?
what can i do to get into an ivy league school ?
what was the name of the lawyer who represented randy craft ?
what s the only work by michelangelo that bears his signature ?
what causes someone to be ticklish ?
where did the energy for the big bang come from ?
where can i find the lyrics for the song getting married today from the musical company ?
what english explorer discovered and named virginia ?
how long ago was the roe vs . wade decision by the supreme court ?
what is an example of a natural acid base indicator ?
cnn s first oadcast occurred on what date ?
what happens to used motor oil ?
who makes chicken finger lickin good ?
what is the name of actor rex harrison s son , who starred in a modestly popular tv show during the late 1960 s ?
which is the only dick tracy villain to appear three times ?
how did water appear on the earth ?
what did the pyramid builders of egypt mainly eat ?
how can i look up someone s e mail address on the internet ?
how long does it take the moon to revolve around the earth ?
how did the u . s . come into the possession of an empire in the wake of the spanish american war ?
what seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
what actor starred in 1980 s blue lagoon , 1982 s the pirate movie and 1983 s a night in heaven ?
what are arnold palmer s fans called ?
what is the average age a horse lives ?
where are zeas most likely found ?
when will the millennium officially begin ?
in what country is a stuck out tongue a friendly greeting ?
whose video is titled shape up with arnold ?
who starred in the movie the war of the worlds ?
why do they call a hamburger a hamburger when there is no ham ?
where is the danube ?
what does the theory of quantum leaps mean in simpler terms ?
what irwin allen bomb has richard widmark saying he ll be the first officer in history to get his butt kicked by a mess of bugs ! ?
who came up with the name , el nino ?
how did the bikini bathing suite get its name ?
what kind of a sports team is the wisconsin badgers ?
why was muhammad ali stripped of his title and barred from boxing in 1967 ?
what tv comediennes s characters include former movie star nora desmond , secretary mrs . wiggins and a housewife named eunice ?
where is the largest dam in the world ?
stuart hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of what ?
what is thalassemia ?
a normal human pregnancy lasts how many months ?
what is the name of the highest mountain in africa ?
what makes popcorn pop ?
what country was brian boru an 11th century king of ?
how tall was the animated frankenstein
what is columbia tristar s phone number ?
how do you write a book report ?
what month , date , and year did charles i die ?
who played the original charlie s angels ?
what poet wrote . . . i have promises to keep , and miles to go before i sleep ?
what is the life span of the average monkey ?
what is a transistor ?
who was the first host of person to person ?
president bush compared saddam hussein to whom ?
how old is stevie wonder ?
what field sport did dentist william beers promote and write a standard book of rules for ?
what is the size of argentina ?
when do mormons believe christ was born ?
the second most popular sport worldwide is what ?
what was edward albee s first full length play ?
how many athletes did puerto rico enter in the 1984 winter olympics ?
what is the homelite inc . home page ?
what animals acted as lapwarmers for american colonists in church ?
who is the queen of holland ?
what was the education system in the 1960 s ?
what river flows past the temple of karnak ?
what musical instrument did prewitt play in james jones s from here to eternity ?
when was christ born ?
what country other than germany invaded poland in september 1939 ?
who played sally rogers on the dick van dyke show ?
what is the recomended age to switch a child from a crib to a bed ?
where is guam ?
what was the first country to put a second woman in space ?
what rocky mountain ridge separates north america s eastward and westward flowing rivers ?
what state produces the best lobster to eat ?
who is colin powell ?
what famed gangland slaughter cut into the membership of bugs moran s outfit ?
what is kept in fort knox that is so valuable ?
what are the most common elements in the earth s crust ?
who was the first elected mayor of washington , d . c . ?
what south american city has the world s highest commercial landing field ?
what was the business of the animated sky hawks ?
where was george washington born ?
what are bottle caps with presidents pictures inside worth ?
what actor first portrayed james bond ?
which german president was pressured into appointing hitler chancellor in 1933 ?
how did jayne mansfield die ?
what kind of poisoning is known as plumbism ?
how many home runs did babe ruth hit in his lifetime ?
what does the acronym cpr mean ?
what kind of patent did ermal fraze get in 1963 ?
who did sara jane moore try to assassinate ?
when was the last major eruption of mount st . helens ?
what is the population of japan ?
what country is the largest diamond producer ?
what is the origin of the word nevermind ?
how did stat come to be used as an expression for quickly ?
what s the tallest building in new york city ?
what colorado city owns its own glacier ?
how much would it cost to purchase a 2 foot square party tent , with sides , ?
who wrote the book , the grinch who stole christmas ?
what s the only color johnny cash wears on stage ?
who was the russian ambassador to hungary during the 1956 uprising ?
where did the term fireplug come from ?
what s the hardest substance in the human body ?
what s the only east european country not tied to the ruble ?
what vowel do all esperanto nouns end in ?
where do i find information for foreclosure properties on the internet ?
when was the g7 group of nations formed ?
who was the democratic nominee in the american presidential election ?
what is deadrise , nautical , ?
who wrote the bestselling missionary travels and researches in south africa , published in 1857 ?
what is compaq s mission statement ?
in what city is the famed st . mark s square ?
what north american city would you visit to see cleopatra s needle ?
what fraction of a beaver s life is spent swimming ?
what year did the first issue of playboy come out ?
where is the world championship sled dog race held each feuary ?
what state in the united states covers the largest area ?
how do i e mail someone at aol . com from yahoo . com ?
what age followed the bronze age ?
what is the meaning of subaru ?
how many muscles does the average adult use when going for a walk ?
how do i sing like elvis presley ?
what is the capital of uruguay ?
what do the letters zip stand for in the phrase zip code ?
what u . s . president had others in law in the confederate army ?
what does the name sheri mean ?
what document did president andrew johnson want a copy of placed under his head upon his burial ?
how did serfdom develop in and then leave russia ?
what president dispatched a cruiser to carry charles lindbergh home after his epic flight ?
what russian city boasts the hermitage museum ?
what city was bobby kennedy assassinated in ?
what s the best way to lose the flab under your chin and around your face ?
how long does it take to travel from tokyo to niigata ?
what is the fare cost for the round trip between new york and london on concorde ?
what are new computer games for windows 95 or 98 ?
name a novel written by john steinbeck .
how many colonies did germany get to keep after world war i ?
who asked you to do the loco motion with her in 1962 ?
what facial feature did walt disney sport that none of disney s employees is allowed to ?
who is edmund kemper ?
how long do you have to live in a community to vote ?
what former president s daughter has written a book titled murder in the white house ?
name the on stage character whose face was never seen .
what cable network bills itself as the family entertainer ?
which drug is commonly used to treat aids ?
what was the claim to fame of the football game that saw fordham defeat waynesburg state 12601 on september 3 , 1939 ?
what is australia day ?
what is the name of the deranged super criminal otto octavius uses ?
what is the first book of the old testament ?
what north american city sprouts the most parking meters ?
what does the term glory hole mean ?
name the fast food chain with the golden arches .
which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
what member of the little rascals has an on again , off again sweetheart in darla hood ?
what currency is used in australia ?
who is behind the name of the harvey wallbanger drink ?
what is cunnilingus ?
what are some good medical sites for information ?
what river runs through liverpool ?
where did makeup originate ?
what is a gas release event ?
what is a fear of being dirty ?
how many russians have landed on the moon ?
which way do you turn your bic to increase the flame clockwise or counterclockwise ?
what is bloodhound ?
who won world war ii ?
what u . s . air force general led the first bombing raid over tokyo ?
what are the most albums sold by one artist or band ?
how much does the president get paid ?
what is a film starring jude law ?
what sun blasted , 14 mile wide valley is just north of the mojave desert ?
who played lucas mccain on the rifleman ?
where can i get mailing lists ?
what country is the origin of the band the creeps ?
what is the name of the kids show from canadian public tv with the singing pineapple ?
what s destroyed in genesis 19 24 ?
in what year was the wall built ?
who took over as conductor of the boston pops after arthur fiedler s long reign ?
what pope inaugurated vatican international radio ?
what do insects do through their spiracles ?
who was the inventor of silly putty ?
what chemicals are used in lethal injection ?
what is the name of a book written by aaron hass ?
what four legged creature did a cornell university study say would make man s best companion in space ?
what are the valdez principles ?
in what year did the us marine corps adopt the motto semper fidelis ?
what was the average life expectancy during the stone age ?
what mythical figure carries an hourglass and a scythe ?
who does the advertizing for frito lay ?
what president hit the jogging paths to enhance his athletic image and , sporting no . 39 , almost collapsed during the road race ?
what mountain range is traversed by the highest railroad in the world ?
what longtime game show host dropped dead while jogging in central park in 1984 ?
what s the state motto of california ?
what is the death toll of people dying from tuberculosis ?
when called upon to surrender , what american general replied , sir , i have not yet begun to fight . ?
what did andy hardy s father do for a living ?
what soft drink is most heavily caffeinated ?
what was the effect of the yalta conference ?
how much was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
what excuse did the nato people give for hitting the chinese embassy ?
what is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?
what peruvian city is home to the mummified body of francisco pizarro ?
what year was desmond mpilo tutu awarded the nobel peace prize ?
what does the name gina mean ?
who were the head writers for the smothers brothers comedy hour ?
what s the most delicate tasting member of the onion family ?
what does n est ce pas mean ?
what is the feudal system ?
when were the olympic games in which nadia comaneci became popular played ?
how can you become an fbi agent ?
what was the name of the cook on rawhide ?
what was the sequel to the pink panther ?
what d . h . lawrence novel was originally titled tenderness ?
what effect does friction have on perpetual motion ?
what is one of the languages spoken by the sioux called ?
what are the various ways in which one can measure it user satisfaction level ?
how many url extensions are there ? and what are they ?
how many species of sharks are there ?
what part did benjamin franklin play in the development of the newspaper in america ?
where are the apartments in saint john , new brunswick ?
why do we have to go to school ?
what are the nordic nations ?
what s the second largest island in the world ?
who won the first general election for president held in malawi in may 1994 ?
what does robert mean ?
how big is the universe actually ?
what is the history of spartacus , the roman slave and gladiator ?
what cards are bullets ?
what costume designer decided that michael jackson should only wear one glove ?
what american league baseball team s worst finish between 1926 and 1964 was fourth ?
what is vocal sampling ?
who turned all he touched to gold ?
what is the population of mozambique ?
what is real time processing ?
what is a tonne ?
who was the only person convicted in the my lai massacre ?
who is reputed to be the greatest maker of violins ?
name a salt lake city newspaper .
what tv quiz show left the air in 1975 to the tune of vera lynn s we ll meet again ?
what is srpska krajina ?
what southern california town is named after a character made famous by edgar rice burroughs ?
what is being done about the millennium bug ?
how tall is the giraffe ?
what city was john f . kennedy nominated for president in ?
where was the largest concentration camp in world war ii ?
what is the price for tuberculosis drugs ?
what european country boasts the city of furth , found where the rivers rednitz and pegnitz converge ?
how does james bond like his martinis ?
what was an asiento ?
what are the four largest mountain ranges on the asian continent ?
who killed gandhi ?
what is the name of the planet that the ewoks live on ?
what is the amish religion ?
what leoncavallo opera features a prologue by a clown ?
what is the origin of the peace symbol ?
what suburban housewife and mother of three wrote the feminine mystique ?
in what deodorant commercial did tenants have adjoining medicine cabinets ?
what alloy do copper and tin form ?
who was tiny tim s father ?
what deck of cards includes the wheel of fortune , the lovers , and death ?
what ocean surrounds the madeira islands ?
what is the meaning of the name ella ?
what is the predominant color of the tab label ?
what is a fear of being alone ?
what ability has the silkworm moth lost through domestication ?
what four tournaments make up tennis grand slam ?
whom did lauren bacall marry after her husband humphrey bogart died ?
who was scrooge s dead partner in dickens s a christmas carol ?
how effective are condoms in protecting against aids ?
who would you use the heimlich maneuver on ?
what are some science fair projects for 8th graders ?
what football coach s story was told in the movie run to daylight ?
what company is being bought by yahoo and how much is the deal worth ?
what type of idge is the golden gate bridge ?
who was the first american citizen awarded the albert medal of the society of arts ?
what tv series featured neal , a martini drinking st . bernard ?
what historical event happened in dogtown in 1899 ?
who was chief engineer of the starship enterprise ?
who is stephen hawking ?
what are the names of all the u . s . navy aircraft carriers ?
how many languages are there in the world ?
what does the blue ribbon stand for ?
what s the fahrenheit equivalent of zero degrees centigrade ?
where can i buy movies on videotape online ?
the lawyer who represented randy craft , what was his name ?
who invented the stock ticker in 1870 ?
what is goldenseal ?
what national basketball association superstar told his story in giant steps ?
what army s motto is blood and fire ?
how many wives did brigham young have ?
what national league baseball team employed 72 third baseemen in its first 2 seasons ?
how many countries watch mtv europe ?
how much did the minimum wage amount to in 1991 ?
what is jell o made from ?
who portrayed field marshal erwin rommel in the desert fox ?
where is the henry ford museum ?
when did the carolingian period begin ?
what s the most common non contagious disease in the world ?
who portrayed carl bernstein in all the president s men ?
what is the secret of the universe ?
what was the name of the ball game played by the mayans ?
what is the and name of a chemical used to control ripening ?
what do christian scientists believe in ?
how do i get a complete list of all the people that are living with the last name kilvington ?
what is the population of the largest chilean city
what is graduate school ?
what did tristan come back as ?
what animals do you find in the stock market ?
how long was mao s 1930s long march ?
what state has the most indians ?
what company started out making pies , and wound up manufacturing plastic throwing toys ?
what does warner bros . call a flightless cuckoo ?
what famous comedian recently tried without success to revive the play ?
how close a cousin was franklin d . to theodore roosevelt ?
what organization was founded by the rev . jerry falwell ?
name the four stories contained in edith wharton s old new york .
what is the web address of the list of e mail addresses of members of the house of representatives ?
how many miles of corridors are in the pentagon ?
what company markets a shampoo for unettes only ?
what is a fear of parasites ?
how is the election of a new pope announced to the world ?
how many people was randy craft convicted of murdering ?
name the first private citizen to fly in space .
what was the bridge of san luis rey made of ?
who was the first person inducted into the u . s . swimming hall of fame ?
what is a fear of touching ?
what tokyo street glitters with famed department stores and nightclubs ?
how did bob marley die ?
what actress starred in the lion in winter ?
what is the address for the main government office in rome , italy ?
who served as inspiration for the schoolteacher portrayed by robin williams in dead poets society ?
what s another word that means knows all ?
what s the farthest planet from the sun ?
what kind of habitat does the scorpion live in ?
what english word contains the most letters ?
what is the average salary of a paleontologist ?
dialing , 900 , 740 tree to have a tree planted will cost how much ?
what is the longest running television series ?
what italian city of 155 were leonardo da vinci , michaelangelo , and machiavelli all working in ?
what desert country borders saudi arabia , iraq and the persian gulf ?
what is the islamic equivalent of the red cross ?
who invented the wondera ?
what are the factors leading to the high teen pregnancy rate in spartanburg , south carolina ?
what is a fear of speaking ?
what is the name of the american who was captured when his plane went down over syrian held lebanon ?
what animal has killed the most people ?
what color are a cherry tree s flowers ?
how do you dunk ?
what is the difference between a fruit and a vegetable ?
who were the five marx others ?
where in a tree does photosynthesis occur ?
what is a fear of jealousy ?
what u . s . state are the finger lakes in ?
where does tuberculosis come from ?
who was the second person ever to wear iron man s armor ?
what is the filmmakers collaative ?
what clause in the u . s . constitution may not be changed , altered or amended ?
where is your corpus callosum ?
how many children under 18 are victims of some sort of physical abuse each year ?
what is the connection between new krypton and daxam ?
what was the name of the 187s irish terrorist group in pennsylvania mining areas ?
who invented basketball ?
how old was sir edmund hillary when he climbed mt . everest ?
what characteristics contribute to its intelligence ?
how many pairs of wings does a tsetse fly have ?
who is olive oyl s other ?
what is the contents of proposition 98 ?
who tramped through florida looking for the fountain of youth ?
what book is subtitled the preservation of favoured races in the struggle for life ?
what is the smallest thing seen under the most powerful microscope , and how big is it ?
what are the seven virtues ?
what tennis term is said to come from the french word for egg ?
what is the fastest fish in the world ?
how can i get a cct diagram ?
what professional cricketer s son wrote the war of the worlds in 1898 ?
how can scientists predict weather by observing clouds ?
what game do steve mcqueen and edward g . robinson play in the cincinnati kid ?
what state does martha stewart live in ?
what chocolate company gives you a one pound kiss ?
what is a borrow pit ?
what aesop s fable has the moral the race is not always to the swift . slow and steady is bound to win ?
what european country s monarchy was restored in 1975 ?
what does a pedometer measure ?
what fictional character is known as the melancholy dane ?
what are the rules to snow golf ?
who invented the muppets ?
what michelangelo sculpture is in saint peter s cathedral , basilica , ?
what character narrates treasure island ?
what nantucket shipwreck killed more divers exploring it than the 52 people it sank with ?
who invented the paper clip ?
what tv station did mary richards work for ?
at what age did rossini stop writing opera ?
name the u . s . senate majority leader and the speaker of the house .
what type of hunting are retrievers used for ?
what other name were the little rascals known as ?
in what country is lund ?
what erica jong novel deals with isadora wing s fear ?
what is a storm surge ?
where did bill gates go to college ?
what two body parts grow all your life ?
what 2th century fictional character attends pencey prep school ?
how many american actors were nominated for the best actor oscar for 1983 ?
what city was martin luther king jr . assassinated in ?
what is the definition of the scrabble word syzygy ?
what war did the wanna go home riots occur after ?
which airplane did fawaz younis hijack ?
what s the tallest piece on a chessboard ?
how many members are in the california congressional delegation ?
how many lakes are there on the earth ?
who has more dna a man or a woman ?
what russian master spy lived in the u . s . under the name emil goldfus ?
what is the speed of the mississippi river ?
what is the origin of the word mind ?
what kind of file has the extension . dbf ?
what actor came to dinner in guess who s coming to dinner ?
what materials did the three little pigs use to build their houses ?
what plant has the largest seed ?
what is deet ?
what day was pearl harbor attacked in 1942 ?
what year did the united states pass the copyright law ?
when did the original howdy doody show go off the air ?
who was nicknamed the little corporal ?
where is the oldest living thing on earth ?
what baseball player was known as charley hustle ?
which radio stations air the jim bohannon radio talk show ?
name an art gallery in new york .
what is the largest museum in the world ?
what 1895 h . g . wells novel was written under the title the chronic argonauts ?
what erupts every hour at yellowstone national park ?
what does u . s . s . r . stand for ?
what film or films has jude law appeared in ?
what species was winnie the pooh ?
musician ray charles plays what instrument ?
where is sinn fein s headquarters ?
what are some tips for building a fire in a fireplace ?
how many quarters equal a pound ?
how far is yaroslavl from moscow ?
what kind of sports team is the buffalo saes ?
what s the name of jacques cousteau s research ship ?
what is the executor in a will ?
how do you get to the top of the eiffel tower ?
how many rows of sprocket holes does a roll of 35 millimeter film have ?
what was the name of the crimean meeting of roosevelt , churchill , and stalin ?
what is the most important nation in the world , historically ?
how do i tie dye clothes ?
when was florida admitted into the union ?
what is the only gland in humans that can regenerate itself ?
in what film did steven spielberg s dog star as the main character s dog ?
what is a jellicle cat ?
what do the french call la manche ?
what format was the major competition of vhs ?
what animal was the heat seeking missile called the sidewinder named for ?
how many pitchers occupy the shelf beside the crouching woman in edgar degas s 1886 painting the tub ?
what do the red and white stripes on a barbershop pole stand for ?
what does philebus like mean ?
what chapter of gone with the wind has rhett butler leaving scarlett o hara ?
who built the first pyramid ?
when were camcorders introduced in malaysia ?
what line divided the north and south in the u . s . civil war ?
name a movie about the sioux indians starring kevin costner .
what is the world population as of today ?
what was the non fiction best seller of 1952 , 1953 and 1954 ?
in which year was the cartoon character chilly willy created ?
the orange bowl is in what city ?
what stereo manufacturer is slightly ahead of its time ?
what is goulash ?
what is a pyrotechnic display ?
what party was winston churchill a member of ?
what town was the setting for the music man ?
in what year did hitler gain power of germany ?
who was the first taiwanese president ?
how do you ask a total stranger out on a date ?
what is the name of the planet that the ewoks live on ?
who owns cnn ?
where can i find the names of all the 15 pokemon ?
where can i find a lesson plan for teaching the metric system conversion to american standard ?
what green bay packers coach philosophized there s nothing that stokes the fire like hate ?
what stadium do the miami dolphins play their home games in ?
what is celeated during the week of feuary 21 27 ?
how long does a pig s orgasm last ?
what s japan s largest car manufacturer ?
what star faring race ought about the inhumans on marvel s earth ?
what does the term spaghetti western mean ?
what do bicornate animals have two of ?
what song put james taylor in the limelight ?
how long is the border between canada and the 48 conterminous states ?
what planet would you visit to see beenia , arcadia , and amazonis ?
what presidential press secretary dismissed watergate as a third rate burglary attempt ?
what s the meaning of the latin battle cry ad arma , ad arma .
what is a certified nurse midwife ?
what organization did mr . waverly assign agents for ?
what u . s . senator once played basketball for the new york knicks ?
what is color ?
what movie did steven spielberg direct in 1975 ?
what magazine paid ernest hemingway 15 a word to write a bullfighting article ?
what does palindromic mean ?
what film had bette davis creating a scandal by wearing a daring red gown to a society ball ?
what six words follow the line from a jack to a king . . . ?
what was the eighth day following the nones in each month of the roman calendar called ?
how many pins are used in skittles ?
what s the official language of algeria ?
what comedienne calls her sister in law captain bligh and her mother in law moby dick ?
what is spaceball played on ?
what does the river seine empty into ?
what does robin williams do ?
what is he doing now ?
how does it make its colors ?
what whisky is known by the company it keeps ?
what is the definition of the term weapons system ?
what is a fear of night or darkness ?
what two european countries are joined by the gran san bernardo pass ?
what sea surrounds the cayman islands ?
how long did shea and gould practice law in los angeles ?
where did freidreich wilhelm ludwig leichhardt , prussian born explorer , go to school ?
what exactly , specifically does sleep do for you ?
how can someone become a federal agent ?
how many equal angles are there in an isosceles triangle ?
what is the definition of graphic details ?
why was curious george curious ?
whose image is alleged to be on the shroud of turin ?
what s the proud claim to fame of the young women who formed kappa alpha theta ?
what honeymooners actress did television magazine name as 1953 s most promising star ?
what group asked the musical question do you believe in magic ?
how much money does a back injury lawsuit get ?
what is margaret thatcher known for ?
what california bay s largest island is angel island ?
how many bones are in the human hand ?
how does the tail affect the flight of a kite ?
how do i log on to home page at headquarters u . s . european command ?
what currents affect the area of the shetland islands and orkney islands in the north sea ?
how many people lived in neaska in the mid 1900s ?
aspartame is also known as what ?
what did warlock wear on his forehead in marvel comics ?
what five cards make up a perfect cribbage hand ?
what are geckos ?
who was the girl in peter sellers s soup ?
how many years do fossils take to form ?
what s the oldest capital city in the americas ?
who is the voyager project manager ?
what is the youngest age a boy or girl can have an orgasm ?
what are the greek numerals ?
what country contains the highest point in south america ?
how many acres in a mile ?
what bordering country is due north of costa rica ?
why was washington , dc originally called district of columbia ?
what do you call a group of geese ?
what pulitzer prize winning novelist ran for mayor of new york city ?
which operating system runs on ibm compatible machines ?
what city does orly airport serve ?
what color was the hundred billionth crayon made by crayola ?
why are the u . s . presidential elections held in november ?
what kind of sports did they play in the years 1642 1649 , the english civil war time ?
how can i find out my biorhythm ?
what s the difference between j . d . and ll . m . ?
what is beethoven s 9th symphony called ?
what boris pasternak book sold 5 , 0 copies to become the fiction best seller of 1958 ?
how do you clean up a cache ?
what is the taj majal made of ?
what is a fear of bees ?
when did communist control end in hungary ?
what is the primary language of the philippines ?
what is the name of the planet that the ewoks live on ?
who was maria theresa ?
what will a kid eat the middle of , and save the chocolate on the outside for last ?
who portrayed george m . cohan in 1942 s yankee doodle dandy ?
what does inuit and eskimo mean ?
what do i have to do to get good grades in school ?
who invented the road traffic cone ?
what happened to answers . com ?
what drink is formed of tequila , orange juice and galliano ?
what s the dumbest domesticated animal ?
what is the average weight for a man ?
what is the golden rule ?
what department store heir is responsible for raising a three ton safe from the underwater wreckage of the andrea doria ?
where are there aborigines ?
where is inoco based ?
what is the weakest bone in the body ?
what pseudonym did william sydney porter use in writing the gift of the magi ?
how often are ain cells replaced ?
who was jean nicolet ?
where is burma ?
what is thermal equiliium ?
what was the name of randy steven craft s lawyer ?
what film did lee marvin win the 1965 best actor oscar for ?
what dog was dubbed the mortgage lifter ?
who sells viagra ?
what is the origin of the city corpus christi ?
what is the largest city in germany ?
who was the king who was forced to agree to the magna carta ?
what is a leper ?
what trade did the 15th and 16th century portuguese hope to control between asia and europe ?
what shrubs can be planted that will be safe from deer ?
what is a heuristic ?
who wrote the song , silent night ?
how old is jeremy piven ?
name the only extant trilogy of classical greek plays .
why did the anglican church split from the vatican ?
name a film in which jude law acted .
what is the world s highest peak ?
what character in the beverly hillbillies has the given names daisy moses ?
what is hypnotherapy ?
which of the five senses develops first ?
what two vegetables are combined in succotash ?
what s the sacred river of india ?
what month were you born in if your birthstone is sardonyx ?
whose acceptance speech of more than 3 minutes prompted a time limit on academy award thank yous ?
who is the founder of scientology ?
why are haunted houses popular ?
how do i know if i m jealous of someone ?
how old was lucille ball when the show i love lucy premiered ?
who is the leading competitor of trans union company ?
how many gutenberg bibles are there ?
what is the fine for having a dog on a beach ?
what year did the vietnam war end ?
what state was herbert hoover born in ?
what is a chinese spouting bowl ?
when did world war i start ?
what is a wet dream ?
who is the richest woman in the world ?
how many votes in congress dissented from the 1941 declaration of war with japan ?
what is the origin of the word amen ?
what international amateur sports spectacle was first telecast in 1956 ?
why is the moon different sizes and colors ?
when did gothic art and architecture flourish ?
what does a woman want ?
who did arthur h . bremer try to assassinate on may 15 , 1972 ?
where is rider college ?
whose old london come on was buy my sweet lavender ?
how do i find out what cities are in a certain area code ?
what is the origin of the word pallbearer ?
who wrote the pines of rome ?
what is a drought ?
what does a red flag mean in auto racing ?
what car was driven in the 199 release of smokey and the bandit ?
what did jimmy stewart invent ?
who coined the term nn cyberspace in his novel nn neuromancer ?
what is bph ?
what city in florida is sea world in ?
how do you get a oken cork out of a bottle ?
what is a synonym for aspartame ?
what tv show chronicled the lives of katy holstrum and congressman glen morley ?
what city or state do the most gay men live in ?
what sprawling u . s . state boasts the most airports ?
what kind of mammal is a colt ?
what leon uris novel dealt with the russian capture of berlin ?
on what river is rome built ?
who was whitcomb judson ?
what general direction does the journey in around the world in 80 days proceed in ?
by how much will the california state gas tax rise by the year 2000 ?
what are the lyrics to smelly cat ?
what is osmosis ?
where does the santa fe trail begin and end ?
who was named admiral of the ocean seas and viceroy and governor general of all the islands he might discover , and also granted 10 ? ? of all profits of his voyage .
what inescapable purveyor of background music celeated its 5th anniversary in july , 1984 ?
what is the world s largest distilling company ?
what was marilyn monroe s real name ?
what color were their horses ?
when is a woman most fertile ?
what prison is found in ossining , new york ?
what was the food of the greek gods called ?
in what year was the movie the ten commandments released ?
how did former wwf wrestler rick rude die ?
what country s northernmost city is darwin ?
what exactly is the purpose of the anteater ?
how many head injuries are there in recreational ice skating each year ?
what type of exercise burns the most calories ?
what organization has a security council ?
name the cartoon genie conjured by the magic ring shared by nancy and chuck .
how many objects orbit the earth ?
why do you say god bless you when people sneeze ?
when were fish first believed to be found on earth ?
what is the spectrum of a sine wave ?
what was paul bunyan s ox s name ?
what is the current ticket fare from from cairo to barbados ?
what amount of folic acid should an expectant mother take daily ?
who killed lee harvey oswald ?
what causes the body to shiver in cold temperatures ?
what do hasidic jews refrain from while dating ?
how long was the longest hiccup attack ?
in which kevin costner movie did sioux indians play a role ?
what book did aaron hass write ?
what s the longest river in canada ?
how do i do this ?
what future movie treat was introduced to american colonists in 1603 by native americans ?
what nationality is ileana cotrubas ?
what video format was an alternative to vhs ?
where could i go to take a ride on a steam locomotive ?
how many people on the ground were killed from the bombing of pan am flight 103 over lockerbie , scotland , december 21 , cd .
what do you get by mixing gin and vermouth ?
what 1964 film introduced the song my kind of town ?
how many calories are there in a glass of water ?
how does a scientific calculator work ?
what poem contains the line , grow old with me the best is yet to be .
what kind of animal is babar ?
how do companies cut paper so thin ?
how many shillings more than 2 were there in a guinea ?
how fast do cheetahs run ?
name four comic strips about pilots .
where are the union stockyards ?
who is the best known villain of the 165 gunpowder plot ?
how tall was the animated king kong ?
what country is famous for persian rugs ?
what is the origin of boxing day ?
what was darth vader s son named ?
what part did john peter zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in america ?
where can i get a map of prussia on the internet ?
what country has problems with hooligans ?
how old is the universe ?
what keeps clouds in the air ?
how many small businesses are there in the u . s .
what s the difference between sleet and freezing rain ?
what are amicable numbers ?
where is webster university ?
how can i give myself a french manicure ?
who invented the lawnmower ?
what does el nino mean in spanish ?
what film ends with the line this is mrs . norman maine ?
who became president of the u . s . in 1789 ?
what is the hair style called that new military recruits receive ?
what is the definition of spamming ?
who is the president of stanford university ?
what kind of books does fodor s publish ?
what is the history of the soft drink mr . pibb ?
what time does wee willie winkie run through the town ?
what title does comedian henry youngman claim ?
what nfl team did vince lombardi end his coaching career with ?
what sport do you shag flies in ?
how much money are dumbo s ears insured for ?
what year did degas create the onze sculpture , fourth position front ?
what is rcd ?
where have the most dinosaur remains been found ?
what is a philanthropist ?
who does shakespeare s antonio borrow 3 , 0 ducats from ?
what was the first minimum wage ?
what are the odds of giving birth to twins ?
what south korean city is served by kimpo international airport ?
when is the sun closest to the earth ?
what was george washington afraid of ?
why does tuberculosis afflict people ?
what is the one thing you need before you can purchase life insurance ?
what country s flag is field green ?
why were the american soldiers in wwi called doughboys
what is cat scratch fever ?
what is the history of the hairdryer ?
what is the origin of thank you notes ?
what do i need to do to take my dog with me to live in dominica , west indies for a year ?
what is svhs ?
what s the meaning of the zoological term ruminant ?
which of the following did not receive a 1983 outstanding mother award from the national mother s day committee ?
what product features a frog that says dig em ?
tell me what city the kentucky horse park is near ?
what sea separates naples and algiers ?
what french designer declared the jean is the destructor ! it is a dictator ! it is destroying creativity . the jean must be stopped ! ?
what is dsl ?
how do you say eat the day in latin ?
what is jane goodall known for ?
what causes canker sores in the mouth ?
what european country is home to the beer producing city of budweis ?
what country has declared one fifth of its territory off limits to russians ?
when did beethoven die ?
how many cds has garth brooks sold ?
what german city do italians call the monaco of bavaria ?
what spider makes a superb pet , even said to recognize its master ?
who died 1 feet from where john f . kennedy did ?
in dana s two years before the mast , what seafarers lived in an abandoned oven on the beach at san diego ?
how many syllables are there in a line of hendecasyllabic poetry ?
who was the first king of england ?
what new middle school was built in philadelphia , pennsylvania last year ?
how many people died on d day ?
what daily newspaper will help you see clearer across the usa ?
which side of the face do most artists tend to show more of in self portraits ?
what is a softball made of ?
what can be done about snoring ?
what are the world s four oceans ?
name the child left on a doorstep at the beginning of gasoline alley .
who founded the first aerodynamics laboratory in 1912 ?
what james michener book is subtitled spanish travels and reflections ?
how much coca cola is drunk in one day in the world ?
what daughter of henry viii and anne boleyn became queen of england ?
how many elephants are left on earth ?
how does an ion drive work ?
what south american country won its first world cup soccer title in 1978 ?
what store claims to be the world s largest department store ?
what is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?
what is the only modern language that capitalizes its singular first person pronoun ?
what baseball team was routinely called dem bums by its frustrated fans ?
when was yemen reunified ?
what female painter produced primitives of rural new england life ?
what was football star elroy hirsch s nickname ?
what and of white rum is still made in cuba ?
what organization s offices were oken into at watergate in 1972 ?
what cbs soap opera was interrupted by the bulletin of john f . kennedy s assassination ?
when was the berlin wall erected ?
who was international olympic committee chairman at the 1936 summer games ?
what marvelous major league baseball player is now a spokesman for a beer company ?
what does lloyd s lutine bell announce ?
what is the fastest commercial automobile that can be bought in the us ?
who provides telephone service in orange county , california ?
what are pomegranates ?
where did luther display his ninety five theses ?
what relative of leo tolstoy translated war and peace eight times ?
what is it that walks on four legs , then on two legs , then on three ?
what credit card features a centurion on its face ?
who was the first president to appoint a woman to head a cabinet ?
what comedian has a legendary reputation for stealing jokes ?
who spoke the only word in mel brooks s silent movie ?
how is qigong properly pronounced ?
what is the and name of daminozide ?
what were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?
what does the word affiant mean ?
what soft drink first appeared in the old corner drug store in waco , texas , in 1885 ?
which of the following was rhodes scholar ?
what is magnetar ?
what is the city in which maurizio pellegrin lives called ?
who said , i shall return . during world war two ?
what are the snakes of new england ?
what president was meant for , but never placed in , the empty crypt beneath the capital s rotunda ?
what is a common dolphin ?
how many days does a typical mayfly live ?
how does rabies spread ?
how do you get a girl to have sex with you ?
what kind of crystals exist ?
in south korea , how many american soldiers are there ?
what does knight ridder publish ?
how long did it take stanley to find livingstone ?
what novel inspired the movie bladerunner ?
which of these are authors ?
who was chairman of the senate select committee that tried to get to the bottom of watergate ?
what french seaport claims to be the home of wines ?
who was the first person to study the stars ?
in what war was the first submarine used ?
how many different vegetation zones are there ?
what was the death toll at the eruption of mount pinatubo ?
what are all the southern states of the united states ?
what future soviet dictator was training to be a priest when he got turned on to marxism ?
what caused the death of bob marley ?
what became the biggest cash crop in the u . s . in 1983 , surpassing corn ?
how do you match a name to a social security number ?
what is greek pita ?
where does barney rubble go to work after he drops fred off in the flintstones cartoon series ?
what causes an earthquake ?
in sinclair lewis main street , what was the name of the typical american town ?
what are shooting stars ?
which magazine is fine entertainment for men ?
what was queen victoria s title regarding india ?
what united states president had dreamed that he was assassinated ?
what new orleans d . a . claimed my staff and i solved the assassination weeks ago ?
name a gaelic language .
what was the name of roy rogers s dog ?
what u . s . vice president killed alexander hamilton in a duel ?
what author landed a 468 pound marlin without harness in the early 193 s ?
what is the name of the female counterpart to el nino , which results in cooling temperatures and very dry weather ?
who is john macarthur , 1767 1834 ?
what is the highest roman numeral ?
what is the geographical center of the us including alaska and hawaii ?
where on the internet can i get information about the fifth amendment on the american bill of rights ?
what commodity s shortage was the largest single factor in keeping north american cars off the roads during world war ii ?
what scale measures earthquakes ?
what is barnstorming ?
what game s board shows the territories of irkutsk , yakutsk and kamchatka ?
how was the element calcium named ?
how much does a new railroad coal car cost ?
what was jimmy durante s theme song ?
where can i get u . s . economic statistics ?
who wrote hamlet ?
what is the difference between a bottle and a jar ?
what part of their attire were pothooks to cowboys of the old west ?
where is the valley of the kings ?
how do boats float ?
how many languages does the pope speak ?
what is the term that describes a word where only one usage has been recorded in all literature ?
how long is the world s largest ship , in meters ?
what company has built more than 2 . 5 billion little green houses since 1935 ?
what was the name of the titanic s captain ?
what hermann hesse book gave its name to a rock group ?
what is the starting salary for beginning lawyers ?
what new york yankee was known as the iron horse ?
who replaced bert parks as the host of the miss america pageant ?
what is the fear of cockroaches called ?
who is barbara jordan ?
what vladimir nabokov novel features professor humbert in love with a 12 year old girl ?
how much money can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
what american naval officer oke japan s isolationist policy in 1853 ?
what did esquire name ash hole of the year for 1980 ?
what two major world religions began in india ?
what heavyweight boxer was known as the wild bull of the pampas ?
what color are tennis balls ?
when did nixon visit china ?
what was the outcome of the 1945 yalta conference ?
what s the slowest olympic swimming stroke ?
what astronomer architect designed the present st . paul s cathedral in london ?
what tv comedian worked with white fang , black tooth and pookie the lion ?
what dickens novel has david carrying the message barkis is willin to peggy ?
what year did apartheid start ?
how many fingers are used to draw a bow ?
what triple crown winning horse took the 1973 belmont stakes by 31 lengths ?
how many sperm cells are in an average ejaculation ?
what household facility contains a float ball , ballcock , and overflow tube ?
what are the largest liaries in the us ?
what is the pig population of the world ?
what is the only vegetable that starts with z ?
how do you write mla style bibliographies for an internet source ?
what character did tex avery first create upon arriving at mgm ?
what was the number of people that randy steven craft was convicted of killing ?
what is the world s deadliest infectious disease ?
with whom did bush compare saddam hussein ?
how many square feet is bill gates home ?
what kind of animals are dorsets , lincolns , oxfords and southdowns ?
what is the weight of air ?
which sex is denied voting rights in kuwait ?
in what year did the bounty mutiny happen ?
what s the american dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the u . k . ?
what articles of clothing are tokens in monopoly ?
how would someone go about becoming an organ donor ?
what is the frequency of vhf ?
how much stronger is the new vitreous carbon material invented by the tokyo institute of technology compared with the material made from cellulose ?
what are the living conditions in cuba ?
what u . s . president showed a fondness for munching on bee pollen bars ?
what soft drink tells us to go hawaiian ?
what did the seven dwarfs do for a living ?
name a tiger that is extinct .
what is the most common name ?
what should you do for an ankle sprain ?
what tv sitcom character had the maiden name ethel potter ?
how did names come about ?
what made the short lived star hawks strip so unique ?
what is the history of the toast ?
what handicraft requires you to interlace your warp and weft ?
what time of year is air travel the heaviest ?
what two european countries entered the war of american independence against the british ?
what newspaper serves salt lake city ?
who is king in alley oop s home of moo ?
what texas surgeon performed the first artificial heart transplant ?
what japanese manufacturer is known for both its pianos and its motorcycles ?
what new year is celeated on feuary 16th ?
what is the population of ohio ?
how does an abacus work ?
jackson pollock was a native of what country ?
what country would you visit to ski in the dolomites ?
how fast is a 45mhz processor ?
what is an annotated bibliography ?
where is the location of the orange bowl ?
what s the most popular contact lens color ?
what drug did sigmund freud become fascinated with while experimenting with the treatment of neurasthenia ?
what color of monopoly properties are landed on most often ?
how does a rainbow form ?
where did sarge steel get his metal hand ?
what strait links the mediterranean sea and the atlantic ocean ?
what continent s name appears on the upper left corner of a budweiser label ?
what is the viking prince s first name ?
what is the definition of low island ?
what is the formula to calculate pi ?
name the various super teams to which the angel has belonged .
what was the long march in china ?
how is paraguay for vacations ?
what is a caul ?
what is the origin of a . m . and p . m . ?
colin powell is best known for what achievement ?
what is a fear of women ?
what william styron book is about a black preacher who leads a slave revolt ?
what is titanium ?
what was the name of the u . s . s first manned space program ?
what is molybdenum ?
what nation boarders mozambique ?
what amount of money did the philippine ex dictator marcos steal from the treasury ?
who wrote the book , huckleberry finn ?
what type of betting is used in horse racing ?
what is the theory of equivalence states ?
how many different countries export coffee ?
what city s theatrical district has been dubbed the roaring forties ?
how can i get a comic character i made copyrighted and published ?
which beatles disc cover honors the rolling stones ?
what s the claim to fame of night watchman frank wills ?
how many thousands of students attend the university of massachusetts ?
what is the average hours per months spent online by aol users ?
why is the grass green ?
how many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
what ocean does mauritania border ?
what islands got their name from the spanish baja mar , meaning shallow water ?
what is the largest city in texas ?
how do anti locking akes work ?
what is the most useful site on the internet ?
how many names are there for eskimo people ?
how does the chain of command work inside an us army apache helicopter ?
what sport is known for hooligans ?
what does the number 5 stand for on fubu clothing ?
where is tufts university ?
what is the name of the illiant british economist behind its creation ?
who is the prophet of medina ?
what must be exceeded to produce a sonic boom ?
how many islands make up antigua ?
names of books by james a . michener set in the following locations ?
what is the taste that beats the others cold ?
what s the most popular four player game of all time ?
what is the deepest area of the arctic ocean ?
which language has the most words ?
where did hillary clinton graduate college ?
what product doubles your pleasure , doubles your fun ?
what landmark italian restaurant can be found at 239 west 48th street , new york city ?
what asian city boasts the world s biggest bowling alley ?
who did richard nixon tender his resignation to ?
what world war i battle saw 6 , 0 troops killed in one day ?
what country surrounds san marino , the world s smallest republic ?
how many films are made by the major studios in a year ?
what city has the world s longest subway system ?
name the organization that is presided by a security council .
who is section manager for guidance and control systems at jpl ?
in which year was new zealand excluded from the anzus alliance ?
who was the first black woman to star in the folies bergeres ?
what are the first names of rowan and martin , the stars of tv s laugh in ?
what presidential administration challenged americans to explore the new frontier ?
what is the name of the firm that makes spumante ?
what is the origin of the name scarlett ?
which of the following tv newsmen was a rhodes scholar ?
what s the most powerful country in the world ?
who made the musical plea be true to your school ?
who was the king who signed the magna carta ?
what does elysium mean ?
what english queen had six fingers on one hand ?
where did bocci originate ?
how do i contact answers . com direct ?
when was calypso music invented ?
what is a fear of color ?
what prompted the co pilot of the enola gay to enter only my god in his log ?
where did the name daniel originate ?
when was franklin d . roosevelt stricken with polio ?
what planet gave bith to superman ?
which cats pursued tweety pie in his first cartoon appearance ?
what is recruitment interview technique ?
what century did art s romantic period begin in ?
what color are school buses ?
what determines the value of the pearl ?
what is the origin of the ethnic category caucasian ?
what soft drink held a national flavor poll in 1967 ?
where can i find lyrics for r b ?
where can i find a case on americans with disabilities act of 199 ?
what toy company is the world s no . 1 maker of female apparel ?
when did muhammad live ?
where did ty cobb grow up ?
what chapter of gone with the wind has rhett butler leaving scarlett o hara ?
what phenomenon would you expect to read about in the monthly publication the bigfoot news ?
what five time winner of the kentucky derby lost his first 25 races ?
when was hurricane hugo ?
why do roosters sing at five o clock in the morning ?
where can i find info on alexander mackenzie ?
what soft drink not only has its own video game , but was featured in its own marvel comic book ?
what card game has variations called canfield , klondike and spider ?
how does lightning travel ?
what kind of fish is a coney ?
who is snoopy s arch enemy ?
what color poker chip is usually assigned the lowest value ?
where does the u . s . get most of its energy ?
what was the role of the medieval guild ?
what is nitrox diving ?
a corgi is a kind of what ?
what was the first english play written exclusively for children ?
how does a hurricane form ?
what country lies directly south of detroit ?
what is the origin of the first name breony ?
what did englishman john hawkins begin selling to new world colonists in 1562 ?
what is the population in india ?
how many times does the tide ebb and flow each day ?
what country was sir edmund hillary born in ?
in what ways did ivan iv support russian expansion ?
what do the japanese call japan ?
what caribbean island is sometimes called little england ?
which country did hitler rule ?
what is the meaning of thalassemia ?
when was richard nixon born ?
how many elevators do you ride to reach the top floor of the empire state building ?
what date is boxing day ?
what are the words to the canadian national anthem ?
who wrote the scarlet letter ?
what island group is guadalcanal a part of ?
what george harrison tune sounded too much like he s so fine by the chiffons ?
why do people shake hands to show friendliness ?
in what year did joe dimaggio compile his 56 game hitting streak ?
what was the filling in the first golf balls ?
what is e commerce ?
what makes salt ?
what creature is the absolute fastest in moving in the world , birds , mammals , etc . , ?
what is a mexican hairless ?
what two cities usually mark the extremes of english channel swims ?
what do opposite faces of a die always add up to ?
name the marvel team loosely based on dc s justice league of america ?
how much folic acid should a pregnant woman get each day ?
what is the cultural origin of the ceremony of potlatch ?
how many sides does an obelisk have ?
what is witch hazel ?
when mighty mouse was conceived , what was his original name ?
what s the name of a hotel in indianapolis ?
what are the characters names in the scooby doo cartoon ?
which hair care product told us hate that gray , wash it away ?
what was al capone s nickname ?
what is a fear of insanity ?
how far is london uk from california ?
what 4 foot 9 actress in 1984 became the first performer to win an oscar for playing a character of the opposite sex ?
what s the traditional drink at the kentucky derby ?
how does crosstalk relate to insb thickness in infrared detectors ?
what problems contributed to the high failure rate of plains farmers in the 1800s ?
what is meant by the term yield to maturity in reference to bonds ?
rotary engine cars were made by what company ?
when the tutankhamun exhibit was on display in the u . s . , what moving company transported it ?
what is a wop ?
what was mel gibson s first movie ?
what is a fear of reptiles ?
how old is bernadette peters ?
what is the origin of u . s . army sergeant s stripes ?
how many years did sleeping beauty sleep ?
how long would it take to get from earth to mars ?
what is the nursery rhyme rock a by baby about ?
what nevil shute novel is about the doomed survivors of a nuclear war ?
when was dick clark born ?
name the country of giants twelve times the size of man in gulliver s travels .
what does the name kelly mean ?
who markets spaghetti o s ?
what was the first gilbert and sullivan opera ?
what english queen had seventeen children ?
what is a person called that likes fire ?
how much would a black and white 1 cent stamp be worth , thomas jefferson on it , ?
what bird can swim but can t fly ?
what country is proud to claim volcano national park ?
what is the difference between a generator and an alternator ?
what is dick clark s date of birth ?
what is the fear of being loved ?
what ship did lloyd m . bucher command ?
who played emperor palpatine in star wars ?
what disease does katharine hepburn have that makes her voice shake ?
when was general manuel noriega ousted as the leader of panama and turned over to u . s . authorities ?
what actor learned to play the saxophone and speak russian for a role in a movie ?
when did the vesuvius last erupt ?
what is a nematode ?
why is indiglo called indiglo ?
what are different products of petroleum ?
which organization is the security council a part of ?
where can i find information on george bush ?
how many points are there on a backgammon board ?
what is a fear of failure ?
what was the name of the first russian astronaut to do a spacewalk ?
what color is mr . spock s blood ?
what causes blue balls ?
on average , how long time does it take to type a screenplay ?
to get the most caffeine , what soda should i drink ?
who portrayed w . c . fields in the film w . c . fields and me ?
the jewish alphabet is called what ?
how is the element strontium purified ?
what is chromatology ?
what s the motto of the boy scouts ?
what cigarette company urged us , come to where the flavor is ?
who is the richest person in the world ?
what does semper fidelis mean ?
what is god ?
what is a country that starts with the letter x ?
what is the most heavily caffeinated soft drink ?
what do you call a section of your finger from one joint to another ?
who used auh2o as an election slogan ?
how tall is kilamanjaro ?
what is a swatch ?
what is the name of the 1919 occurrence in which british troops killed over 3 unarmed indian protestors ?
what is predicted to topple over between 2010 and 2020 ?
what was the name of the flight that fawaz younis hijacked ?
how much of the silver production is manufactured by independent silversmiths ?
what is the longest chemical name , consisting of 35 letters ?
what tv talk show host lends his name to a line of men s clothing ?
in which tennessee williams play is one of the characters killed and devoured by a mob of starving children ?
what is the highest peak in africa ?
what soap was touted as being for people who like people ?
what two colors are you blind to if you suffer from protanopia ?
what is a turnkey contract ?
how many marx brothers were there ?
what civil war general wreaked havoc on the south by marching through georgia on his way to the sea ?
what are some colorful flowers that will bloom in the fall in new england ?
what causes headaches ?
what chapter of the bible has the most verses ?
how do you say 2 in latin ?
how do they type chinese characters on a keyboard ?
what is the origin of jiggy as in getting jiggy with it ?
what s the favorite food of dragonflies ?
who was gerald ford s vice president ?
what war saw a naval battle between the luxury liners cap trafalgar and the carmania ?
what is a glory hole ?
what is the best hospital for orthopedics in the country ?
what and number graces the black label of a bottle of jack daniel s ?
how much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?
what u . s . vice president said some newspapers dispose of their garbage by printing it ?
what is hydroelectricity ?
what is the purpose of the sysrq key on my computer keyboard ?
how much in miles is a ten k run ?
what is making love ?
how big is a quart ?
what are the highest paying odds on a roulette table ?
what does the word laser mean ?
when did princess diana and prince charles get married ?
who is the director and editor of the movie big starring tom hanks ?
what south american city features the exclusive copacabana beach and ipanema ?
who followed up his first two underwater thrillers with the girl of the sea of cortez ?
what new england state carries the telephone area code 27 ?
what were millions of kids wearing on their heads in 1955 ?
what is the us federal government website for standard industrial classification codes , sic , ?
what kind of guitar did jimi hendrix play ?
where did the myth of santa claus originate ?
how do you use farther as opposed to further ?
in the miller lite tv commercial , who is the creature ?
who has the only speaking role in silent movie ?
whose cover is that of an employee of universal import and export ?
what playing card symbolizes death ?
how did p . t . barnum bill the diminutive charles s . stratton ?
what s the maximum length , in inches , of a first baseman s glove ?
what comedian was banned from the ed sullivan show for allegedly making an obscene gesture at the show s host ?
what does the name melissa mean ?
what u . s . city was named for st . francis of assisi ?
what famous male vocalist has the same name as the composer of the opera hansel and gretel ?
what did cool hand luke go to jail for ?
who was thucydides ?
who created the world wide web , www ?
what famous husband and wife team did radio ads for blue nun wine ?
what country is kosovo a part of ?
where is the kentucky horse park ?
what does ms . , miss , and mrs . stand for ?
what is the state nickname of mississippi ?
how much time does the blinking of an eye take ?
who did sonny liston succeed as world heavyweight boxing champion ?
what does iq stand for ?
what are some fun things to do in cozumel , mexico for teenagers ?
what war was fought by the spanish as far as the philippines ?
where can an individual get a contact lens tested that burned the entire surface of eye when new ?
what is the name of the largest city in chile , south america ?
when did hitler come to power in germany ?
what does the term 3 mean to a newspaper editor ?
how do you get silly putty out of faic ?
who killed more people , hitler or stalin ?
who created the character james bond ?
how did rocky marciano die ?
how many milliseconds in a second ?
what was american folk hero john chapman s nickname ?
what are the top 5 tallest buildings in the world ?
which sex is twice as likely to contract leprosy ?
why does sound travel quicker through water than air ?
how much do tuberculosis combatting drugs cost ?
what does the name saina mean ?
who is the current prime minister and president of russia ?
which of the following people is not associated with andy warhol ?
what does e . g . stand for ?
what is moxie ?
what are the stars made of ?
what is the order of the arrow in boy scouts ?
what is the former name of zimbabwe ?
what do caroll baker , tammy grimes , debbie reynolds , and judy garland all have in common ?
what singer s hit song inspired the dolly parton stallone movie rhinestone ?
where does the opera singer ileana cotrubas come from ?
who were the picts ?
what is head start ?
who was the original humpty dumpty ?
how many holes are there in a tenpin bowling ball ?
what english physician was born on january 18 , 1779 and went on to create two important inventions ?
what country did king wenceslas rule ?
what part of your body contains the corpus callosum ?
what two countries share the khyber pass ?
who invented silly putty ?
what is the most commonly used 1 letter word in the english language ?
which former ku klux klan member won an elected office in the u . s . ?
what was the previous name for the commonwealth ?
what morris west novel deals with russian bishop who becomes pope ?
what was hitler s favorite movie ?
what causes panic attacks ?
what country will hit the year 2 first ?
what was the name of the horse that fell on queen elizabeth , prince albert s wife ?
what bay sparkles next to miami , florida ?
where can i get cotton textiles importer details ?
what did the forward thinking simon brothers bakery of chicago insert into bagels to boost business ?
what country are you in if you woo in the wu dialect ?
what state capital comes last alphabetically ?
why do people in the upper peninsula of michagin say eh ? ?
where do chihuahuas come from ?
what little boy and dog live in a shoe ?
who is the famous sister of actress olivia de havilland ?
how many leos have been pope ?
who played the ringo kid in the 1939 film stagecoach ?
how many calories are in a tomato ?
what is the origin of infinity ?
what does the latin ante mortem mean ?
who succeeded nikita khrushchev as first secretary of the communist party ?
name of heroine in scruples ?
in what high risk business venture did jimmy the greek bet and lose ?
who was ben casey s boss ?
what is worth seeing in reims ?
how many beatles records went 1 ?
who is the incredible hulk in reality ?
what does nasdaq stand for ?
how many people are there in the world ?
what causes a person to have constantly sweaty hands and feet ?
what did abolitionists try to end ?
what was the nickname of model leslie hornby ?
how do i impress a guy ?
what do mormons believe ?
how many grammys did michael jackson win in 1983 ?
what building built in 18 contains 327 miles of book shelves ?
what s approaching when a cyclist shouts oil ?
what actor was the first man to appear on the cover of mccall s ?
what drink contains as many types of rum as possible ?
how old is too old for a child to not be talking ?
which soft drink does madonna advertise for ?
what was the only country you were allowed to drive into israel from in 1979 ?
when is dick clark s birthday ?
who is samuel pickering ?
how do you do a bibliography with an unknown author ?
where was the first restaurant ?
what is the origin of the term soda jerk ?
what was the name of baretta s cockatoo ?
what broadway show introduced the song some enchanted evening ?
where on the web is adventours tours from sydney , australia ?
how much did alaska cost when bought from russia ?
how many verses are in the bible ?
how many months does a normal human pregnancy last ?
what are the different types of plastic ?
how can i get someone s phone number if i only have their screen name ?
where can i learn about samuel gompers ?
who was lauren bacall s first husband ?
what are the ages in comic book lingo ?
what function does homeostasis have on the existence of an organism ?
what is a dental root canal ?
what is power steering ?
what is the origin of head lice ?
name a ballet company mikhail baryshnikov has danced for ?
what non alcoholic syrup is made from pomegranate juice ?
whom did friz freleng add to the warner bros . cartoon ranks ?
what s the population of mississippi ?
what is afs ?
what is snoogans ?
what is occam s razor ?
how do windmills work ?
what do you call the feeling of having experienced something before ?
what famed wall supports the badaling turret ?
how many tenths of the earth s surface lie under water ?
what s the longest river in the world ?
in kafka s metamorphosis , the hero awakes one morning to find himself turned into what ?
what medium is stuart hamblen the first singing cowboy in ?
how many presidents have died on the 4th of july ?
what are common methods used to regulate monopolies ?
what first aid product helps the hurt stop hurting ?
what are the alveoli ?
who was hitler s minister of propaganda ?
what airport is on the piccadilly subway line ?
what film canine is buried in pere lachaise cemetery in paris ?
what did walter huston remove to perform in the movie the treasure of the sierra madre ?
where did cable cars first roll down clay street in 1873 ?
how do you measure the heat of the sun ?
what state full of milk and honey was the destination in the grapes of wrath ?
what does e mc2 mean ?
what are inkhorn terms ?
where was pythagoras born ?
how can i find out what year a beanie baby was introduced ?
what did woody allen call the japanese gangster film he dubbed into english as a comedy ?
where is ayer s rock ?
what was the name of the famous battle between texas and mexico ?
how large is the arctic refuge to preserve unique wildlife and wilderness value on alaska s north coast ?
how does salt melt ice and snow ?
what was the name of captain bligh s ship ?
what s the american dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the u . k . ?
what country did the nile river originate in ?
what meter was invented by c . c . magee in 1935 ?
how much would a black and white 1 cent stamp be worth , thomas jefferson on it ?
what songs were popular in 1948 ?
how do you get a pointsettia to turn red ?
where did king francis i hang the mona lisa when he owned it ?
what river runs through colorado , kansas , and oklahoma ?
name the 5 words that use all of the letters in the alphabet , except q , with no repeats .
what game does garry kasparov play ?
what is the salary of a u . s . representative ?
how many chemical elements are there ?
what auto race was wilbur reed the first to win three times ?
what s the colored part of the eye called ?
who liberated 19th century sicily and naples ?
what s the better known identity of john merrick , the noble ogre of victorian england ?
what s the biggest selling u . s . magazine aimed at a black audience ?
what fool is not so wise to lose an oath to win a paradise ?
what former major league left handed baseball pitcher was known as space man ?
why do we ask for the check and not the bill at a restaurant ?
what is a horologist ?
what caused the titanic to sink ?
what s the highest possible bid in contract bridge ?
what is the protection rate of using condoms ?
how does the car in christine become possessed ?
what are those little blue reflectors in the middle of the road for ?
for what reason did the shea gould law firm close their l . a . office ?
what european race sees the winner of its mountain stage awarded a jersey with large red polka dots ?
the major league baseball team in pittsburgh is called what ?
what tv character sired a horse named thunder ?
how was the kennedy money made ?
which city in china has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?
what product s ads claim that it eliminates odors , kills household germs , mold , and mildew ?
which is the wealthiest country in the world ?
what is sinn fein ?
what is the name of the largest water conservancy project in china ?
what is pandoro ?
what famous british actor lost his voice after an operation in 1966 ?
who was the inventor of the stove ?
where can i take a test that will tell me what i should be when i grow up ?
what company sells the most greeting cards ?
what was unusual about alexandra s appearance in josie and the pussycats ?
what is the chemical composition of a barbie ?
what university was woodrow wilson president of ?
what are the five most expensive cities in the world ?
name one of the major gods of hinduism .
what are binomial coefficients ?
who invented the game scrabble ?
what is the dialogue circle in cartoons called ?
how does the speed the magnet spins in a generator affect the output of the generator ?
where did marijuana come from ?
when did the star spangled banner become the national anthem ?
what does intractable plantar keratoma mean ?
why is rush s 2112 called 2112 ?
what british commander surrendered to george washington at yorktown in 1781 ?
name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?
how many colors are there in a rainbow ?
when do you plant winter wheat ?
what camera company said , if you haven t got the time , we ve got the camera ?
name a medicine commonly used to combat aids ?
what is the name of a language spoken by the sioux ?
who s won the most oscars for costume design ?
what do you get by adding lactobacillus bulgaricus to milk ?
what s known as the queen of drinks ?
what u . s . state has the most blondes ?
when was cigarette advertising banned on television and radio ?
what u . s . general was court martialled for criticizing american air power ?
which company claimed to be the world s biggest toy store ?
what body of water does the yukon river empty into ?
how many games are played in a five team round robin tournament ?
what causes rust ?
what is the first day of the week ?
what are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
what is the correct way to use may vs . might ?
what is columbia tristar s phone number ?
what does the abeviation aids stand for ?
what female suspect in the game of clue is single ?
how old is the sun ?
what kind of puzzle first appeared in the u . s . in the new york world on december 21 , 1913 ?
what asian gulf were the destroyers maddox and c turner joy shot up in ?
what s the name of pittsburgh s baseball team ?
what british general surrendered to the colonial army at saratoga ?
what s the most powerful card in euchre ?
what states do not have state income tax ?
what are the 28 tenses in the english language ?
what country covers 8 , 600 , 387 square miles ?
how much does it cost , average or whatever is available , to produce and send junk mail catalogues in the us ? , dt cd nn nn ,
who lives at 39 stone canyon way ?
what president became chief justice after his presidency ?
when was the first steel mill in the united states built ?
what country boasts the southernmost point in continental europe ?
what comedian created a punch drunk pugilist named cauliflower mcpugg ?
what operating system do ibm compatible machines use ?
what spanish artist painted crucifixion ?
what eating utensils are used for handicapped kids ?
what does 7847 5943 equal ?
what invention does the principle of conservation of energy make impossible ?
how successful is arometherapy ?
what is the largest and most expensive freeway construction project in the u . s . right now ?
what terrorist group was headed by donald defreeze ?
why is jane goodall famous ?
why doesn t www . answers . com have any answers to my questions ?
what are the four railways in monopoly ?
how many men died building the mackinaw bridge ?
who accompanied space ghost on his missions ?
what is the main application of sodium hydrosulfite ?
how many pounds are there in a stone ?
what was the dead man s hand ?
what is widely used to detect prenatal birth defects ?
what four elements make up 90 percent of the human body ?
what is the abeviation for original equipment manufacturer ?
who seized power from milton obote in 1971 ?
what is the largest city on the great lakes ?
what arch can you see from the place de la concorde ?
what were the five opening words on ben casey ?
what do the letters ce stand for on so many products , particularly electrical , purchased now ?
what is the proof that houseplants metabolize carcinogens ?
what actress has received the most oscar nominations ?
who is stationed at camp swampy in the comic strips ?
what continent s second highest peak is mont blanc ?
what are perfect tenses ?
what novel has big brother watching ?
what does jessica mean ?
what animal has the biggest eyes ?
where did honecker rule ?
what rum is so mixable it is a one and bar ?
what does the abeviation oas stand for ?
who was the first governor of west virginia ?
what ocean was amelia earhart flying over when she disappeared ?
what city s the kickoff point for climbs of mount everest ?
what is the origin of the word marijuana ?
how many queen bees reign in a hive ?
how do you do a topic outline ?
what s the term for a bet before cards are dealt ?
what common livestock have the greatest variety of eeds ?
why do some clothing labels say use a nonchlorine bleach ?
which u . s . president is buried in washington , d . c . ?
what fast food is prepared with a secret blend of 11 herbs and spices ?
who is considered the first lady of the american stage ?
who claimed he killed 4 , 280 buffalo as food for the crew building the kansas pacific railway ?
what desert has been called the garden of allah ?
who was the 1st u . s . president ?
what kind of science is cosmology ?
what famed liary can you reach by dialing 22 287 5 ?
what makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers ?
where are the austerlitz and victor hugo subway stops ?
how can i get some free technical information on electric vehicle ?
how many three letter permutations can be made from the four letters c ?
what british monarch s lap did p . t . barnum s tom thumb sit in ?
what is a meerkat ?
what is d . b . cooper known for ?
what was the name of humphrey bogart s club in casablanca ?
what explorer was nicknamed iberia s pilot ?
what two countries fought the hundred years war ?
what are the statistics for drunken drivers in maryland ?
what cooking oil has corn goodness ?
what s the international lawn tennis challenge trophy usually called ?
how long does it take the typical american to eat 23 quarts of ice cream ?
what college did dikembe mutombo play basketball for ?
who played the father on charles in charge ?
how can i stop or slow down aging ?
where is santa lucia ?
who is archie bunker s son in law ?
what does the name jenna mean ?
what percent liked thatcher after she had been in power for a decade ?
what card game can feature dealer s choice ?
what is the origin of gametophytic tissue ?
what did the ancients call the four great elements ?
what desert has the highest sand dunes ?
what is the softest part of the body ?
what is martin luther king jr . s real birthday ?
what is supergirl s secret identity ?
what city has the two steepest streets in the u . s . ?
what s the meaning of the name tatiana ?
what is the jewish bible called ?
what is swap math ?
what date did man first land on the moon ?
what are the shoe sizes of o neal , jordan , and mutombo , the nba players ?
who was the author of the book about computer hackers called the cuckoo s egg tracking a spy through the maze of computer espionage ?
in what year was gandhi assassinated ?
name a canine cartoon character other than huckleberry hound to have a voice by daws butler .
what does ribavirin consist of ?
where does your hair grow the fastest ?
what are the benelux countries ?
who was randy steven craft s lawyer ?
who wrote nn dt nnp nnp ?
why is the word abeviation so long ?
how many people did randy steven craft murder ?
how many copies of an album must be sold for it to be a gold album ?
which country is known as big bear ?
what scandinavian capital is built on nine idge connected islands ?
what is false consciousness ?
what culture developed the idea of potlatch ?
what basketball player is credited with 23 , 924 rebounds ?
what kind of dog is scooby doo ?
what mountain range marks the border of france and spain ?
what name does the world know renaissance artist kyriakos theotokopoulos by ?
what s an auberge in france ?
what is the biblical meaning of stones ?
who was the actor who played sam in the movie casablanca ?
what is tyvek ?
how do you determine heating requirements for your home ?
what sport was the first televised in the u . s . ?
where can i get information and statistics on countries and nations ?
what king is satirized in the line the king was in the countinghouse , counting all his money ?
shea and gould closed their los angeles office for what reason ?
how many people does honda employ in the u . s . ?
how many people die from snakebite poisoning in the u . s . per year ?
how many innings are there in a regulation softball game ?
whose biography by maurice zolotow is titled shooting star ?
who portrayed the cowardly lion in the wizard of oz ?
who was the author of the novel far from the madding crowd ?
why are there olives in martinis ?
what s men s par on a 455 yard golf hole ?
what are tannins ?
what class of animals makes up more than two thirds of known species ?
what two animals are specifically mentioned as being in noah s ark ?
who delivered his last newscast on march 6 , 1981 ?
who is the owner of cnn ?
why did the world enter a global depression in 1929 ?
what baseball outcome required nine balls in 1879 , eight balls in 1880 and seven balls in 1881 ?
who famously rode to warn the people of massachusetts that the british were coming ?
how many electoral votes does it take to win presidency ?
whose cupboard was bare ?
what are the names of the tourist attractions in reims ?
how many films did ingmar bergman make ?
who is the fastest guitarist ?
when did spain and korea start ambassadorial relations ?
what is a fear of slime ?
where did the ukulele originate ?
who killed kurt cobain ?
how many different kinds of ice cream are there ?
what celestial body has a diameter of 864 , 000 miles ?
what is the purpose of a car a ?
what time of year do most people fly ?
what is java ?
what format was vhs s main competition ?
who was santos dumont ?
how old was george washington when he died ?
what are some of australia s native flora ?
what countries have the best math students ?
what is the coppertop battery ?
how much money does each player get at the beginning of the game in monopoly ?
what is the history of hot wheels cars , and how are they produced ?
what are the most common eeding birds in the u . s . ?
how many visitors go to the vatican each year ?
who are cartoondom s super six ?
who made the first airplane that could fly ?
what kenyan city is the safari center for east africa ?
how many people visit the pope each month ?
what is the size of the largest akita ?
what country is the world s largest importer of cognac ?
when did the last americans leave vietnam ?
how is the element strontium purified ?
how many airline schools are there in the u . s . ?
when was the first barbie produced ?
what effect does a prism have on light ?
what city is wiener schnitzel named for ?
what is the largest city in the world ?
how can i easily remove red wine stains from t shirts ?
what three european countries begin with the letter a ?
what ernest hemingway novel had the working title fiesta ?
what is the function of the appendix ?
when did the art of quilting begin ?
when did mount st . helen last have a significant eruption ?
what actor and world war ii airman had a 5 , 0 bounty put on his head by hermann goering ?
what is hdlc ?
what pillar of the dutch renaissance painted aristotle contemplating the bust of homer ?
what does each of the utilities cost in monopoly ?
in what state was the first co educational college established
what south vietnamese president was assassinated by his generals in 1963 ?
which is the most used computer program ?
what anesthetic did queen victoria allow to be used for the birth of her seventh child , in 1853 ?
who shared a new york city apartment with roger maris the year he hit 61 home runs ?
what weapon is the mythological character apollo most proficient with ?
what is a dangling participle ?
who portrayed dracula in hammer studios films ?
what book is the follow up to future shock ?
what is the name of the pop singer whose song became the theme song for a and of catsup ?
where can i find the status of my tax return ?
name the first russian astronaut to do a spacewalk .
what was the player s name who played nose tackle for the eagles in super bowl xv ?
how can i get started in writing for television ?
what does freddy freeman say to become captain marvel jr . ?
what was the name of hitler s unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the bavarian government in munich in 1923 ?
where did the wright others make their first flight ?
what democratic prankster waved the train out of the station while richard nixon spoke from the caboose ?
what is the name of the managing director of apricot computer ?
what is the term for the side of the mountain that faces the prevailing winds ?
what is the telephone number for the university of kentucky ?
what is the hub of london ?
what is a portal ?
what racehorse won an associated press poll as the greatest horse of the 20th century ?
who is the superstar in rent a cars ?
what s the world s most common compound ?
where do people mountain climb in nepal ?
who did doris day mean when she said i call him ernie because he s certainly no rock ?
what country received all the nobel prizes awarded in 1976 ?
what is the weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?
how many neurons are in the human ain ?
what century s the setting for tv s the adventures of robin hood ?
what kind of creatures are the canary islands named for ?
what seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
how old is the italian artist maurizio pellegrin ?
how can you stop the itch from poison ivy ?
where can i get information about cystic fiosis ?
what title did shevardnadze have during the soviet era ?
when did rococo painting and architecture flourish ?
what are some good fractal web sites ?
how many furlongs are there in a mile and a quarter recetrack ?
what is lmds ?
who did the seven mules block for ?
what is the name of the american swimmer who won seven gold medals in the 1972 olympics ?
what two countries contain sierra nevada mountains ?
who discovered electricity ?
who leads the star ship enterprise in star trek ?
what happened to moon maiden ?
what are some ways to help someone with chicken pox ?
what instrument is ray charles best known for playing ?
what caused harry houdini s death ?
why do they sterilize the needle for lethal injection ?
who built the first successful stern wheel steamboat ?
what s the most common surname in america ?
where is the orinoco ?
how many flavors of ice cream does howard johnson s have ?
what is fiber in food ?
who followed willy brandt as chancellor of the federal republic of germany ?
who was the first holy roman emperor ?
what must a las vegas blackjack dealer do when he reaches 16 ?
what is a fear of hell ?
what is the orgin of xoxoxox ?
what is the pennsylvania state income tax rate ?
who was known as the time master in comic books ?
how does a parachute work ?
what woman was time s man of the year for 1952 ?
what african country was founded by freed american slaves in 1847 ?
where are the tropical rain forest distributions ?
what was the living room war ?
what is the highest number of home runs on record for any one game ?
what are the twin cities ?
who invented the radio ?
who was the first coach of the cleveland browns ?
who created maudie frickett ?
what is a disaccharide ?
what two baseball players make up the battery ?
what lake is the source of the white nile ?
when did mount st . helen last have a major eruption ?
what tv series saw many of its aquatic scenes shot at silver springs , florida ?
what diamond producer controls about 80 of the world s diamonds ?
what generation am i in ?
what is pasta ?
what grand slam golf tournament wasn t held between 1940 and 1945 ?
how does a bill become law ?
what athlete makes the most money from sports merchandise sales ?
what cathedral was thomas becket murdered in ?
kosovo is a province of what country ?
how many people have been captain america ?
why did several san diego schools remove apples from students menus ?
what u . s . general died december 1 , 1945 , when his jeep collided with a truck ?
what is the circumorbital hematoma ?
what is the full classification of a lady bug ?
what is the first personal computer company ?
what engineer invented the pull tab can ?
what baseball star turned down a 1 , 000 a year contract because he felt he had n t earned it ?
what was the infamous feat of germany s u 2 submarine ?
what stephen king novel is set in a graveyard for pets ?
what is another word for diet ?
what is the chemical reactivity of neon ?
when it s time to relax , what one beer stands clear ?
who was the prophet of the muslim people ?
what s the maximum number of clubs a golfer may use in a round ?
what was her real name ?
what 1950 film won seven oscars , including best picture ?
name the men s cologne that is associated with the sea .
what is the most advanced handheld calculator in the world ?
what is the largest island in the mediterranean sea ?
what is a society ruled by elders ?
what is the origin of the word attic ?
what was cash conscious colonel edwin l . drake the first to drill ?
what does cpr stand for ?
what is the highest mountain in the world ?
which police department made the all time biggest cocaine bust in ventura county ?
what baseball team owner and sailor is known as the mouth of the south ?
whose husbands have included conrad hilton jr . , and michael wilding ?
what was the name of the u . s . navy gunboat in the film the sand pebbles ?
what tv family sometimes buys eclairs from nelson s bakery ?
what is the name of jamiroquai new album ?
when did fraze get his first patent for the pull tab can ?
what color is ash ?
what dynasty star made her 2th century fox debut in the virgin queen ?
what country does ileana cotrubas come from ?
how many spears are there on kenya s flag ?
when are sheep shorn ?
what does appropriates money mean ?
what is the zodiac sign for august 14 ?
what television network flogged its sports programming on inga nielsen s body in 197 ?
what is a fear of fur ?
when is the tulip festival in michigan ?
where in the americas is it only 47 miles from the atlantic to the pacific ?
what delicacy is known indelicately as pickled roe ?
what does a nihilist believe in ?
how many events make up the decathlon ?
when was the bill of rights ratified ?
in what book can i find the story of aladdin ?
what is a fear of cold ?
boxing day is celeated on what date ?
where did the term 86ed come from ?
what are some mythology websites ?
in what city or state do the most gay men live in ?
why are ice cream sundaes called sundaes ?
what is an angelus ?
what shape shifting menace did rom come to earth to fight ?
what kind of nuts are used in marzipan ?
what is the motto for the state of maryland ?
the name of the actor who played the detective in the film kindergarden cop is what ?
why shouldn t you remove a bee stinger with tweezers ?
what do you call a poker hand with five cards of the same suit ?
what is the difference between college and graduate school ?
why are electric cars less efficient in the northeast than in california ?
who was ezra taft benson ?
what is the name of the family circus s dog ?
in the movie groundshog day what is the name of the character played by andie macdowell ?
what is sap ?
name an american made motorcycle .
how many double word score spaces are there on a scrabble crossword game board ?
what european city do nicois live in ?
where can you find the venus flytrap ?
who is prince naseem hamed ?
who was the mother of the man who would not be king , the duke of windsor ?
what does a w of root beer fame stand for ?
how many varieties of apple are there ?
who are the top ten richest people in the world ?
when was child labor abolished ?
who said old soldiers never die they just fade away ?
where did the saying rule of thumb come from ?
what is the cause of endangered species ?
how many south american countries have the letter z in their names ?
how many u . s . presidents were assassinated during queen victoria s reign ?
what california idge was don brown the first to cross , on may 27 , 1937 ?
when does menstruation begin ?
what is the history of yo yos ?
in what year was the berlin wall erected ?
what lewis carroll book introduced humpty dumpty to the world ?
what s the name of tom sawyer s aunt with whom he lives ?
what did dan aykroyd and john belushi quit saturday night live to become ?
who is zebulon pike ?
which of the following actors worked in new york s yiddish theater ?
what are amaretto biscuits ?
when did the dow first reach ?
what is the price for aaa s liability auto insurance ?
where are the busiest ports in the world ?
where is mccarren airport ?
where does dew come from ?
what level of government or governmental agency is responsible for dealing with racism ?
how long do you have to pay back debt after claiming chapter 11 bankruptcy ?
what did shostakovich write for rostropovich ?
what are the ingredients of coca cola ?
how old is singer freedy johnston ?
in what olympic games did nadia comaneci become popular ?
who was the tallest u . s . president ?
what is a firewall ?
what was the favorite sport of tom wolfe s the pump house gang ?
how many millimeters are in a mile ?
where does ray bradbury s chronicles take place ?
why are the ears your center of balance ?
what do most tourists visit in reims ?
what disease is the second biggest killer of north americans ?
what is columbia tristar s phone number ?
what indoor sport saw the phoenix inferno become the phoenix pride on july 14 , 1983 , when the temperature hit 111 degrees ?
what is the root of all evil ?
what is the temperature today ?
what english word has the most letters ?
what does the double o indicate in 007 ?
what do economists do ?
what are the benefits of a rowing machine ?
who was israel s first prime minister ?
what building are british monarchs crowned in ?
what is a fear of pregnancy ?
how many people in the world speak french ?
what kind of flowers does detective nero wolfe raise ?
what continent pushes up the executive committee mountain range ?
what is dr . seuss most popular book ?
what was the alternate to vhs ?
where must a soccer goalie stand to be permitted to handle the ball ?
who was the last u . s . president to reinstate selective service registration ?
what jockey won 17 triple crown races ?
where did the inuits live ?
who made the rotary engine automobile ?
what was the first funk n lata , brazilian group , success ?
what task does the bouvier eed of dog perform ?
what snack food has ridges ?
what is britain s possession on the chinese mainland ?
what is the nickname of the famous flyer who mistakenly flew to ireland instead of to los angeles ?
how many bails are there in a cricket wicket ?
name pittsburgh s baseball team .
how many astronauts manned each project mercury flight ?
what marx brothers movie centers on a stolen painting ?
what is the recipe or formula for coca cola ?
what is the lost colony ?
where is trinidad ?
what is lung cancer ?
what country s people are the top television watchers ?
where do lobsters like to live ?
what is paracetamol ?
who played the title role in i was a teenage werewolf ?
what card suit originally represented the peasant class ?
what is the bernoulli principle ?
what animals did the amazing three masquerade as ?
what scottish poet penned to a mouse and to a louse ?
how many times more than 3
what famed london criminal court was once a feudal castle ?
what is the normal resting heart rate of a healthy adult ?
how many zeros are there in a trillion ?
what attorney general ordered the closing of alcatraz ?
what baseball player was walked the most times ?
what does final four refer to in the sports world ?
why are lions called king of the jungle ?
who else was considered for the role of luke skywalker when george lucas was casting for star wars ?
who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military joint chiefs of staff ?
what is the per capita income of colombia , south america ?
what causes rolling thunder ?
what is a reliable site that i can download heretic 2 ?
of children between the ages of two and eleven , what percentage watch the simpsons ?
what tools do you use to crewel ?
what comedian was born allen stewart konigsberg ?
why do horseshoes ing luck ?
what canal does the thatcher ferry bridge span ?
what color is the stripe along each side of a coho salmon ?
what is a fear of strong light ?
what was the claim to fame of king camp gillette ?
what is answers . com s address ?
how many points is a bullseye worth in darts ?
what s bottled in jeroboams ?
what is a ball that hits the foul pole called ?
where was the ligurian republic , 1797 185 , ?
in what sport are these following numbers relevant 118 , 126 , 134 , 142 , 15 , 158 , 167 , 177 , and 19 ?
what did benny carter play ?
which produces the longer sperm an elephant or a mouse ?
where can i read about chiang kai shek ?
what sport is played on the largest field ?
who is desmond tutu ?
what are the words to my way written by paul anka ?
what animal received royal assent as an emblem of canada on march 24 , 1975 ?
on which date is the ukrainians christmas ?
where was helium first discovered , hence its name ?
how many school districts are there in the united states ?
what country was hitler the chancellor of ?
what is a fear of food ?
how is carbon dioxide removed from natural gas ?
who is dear abby ?
who was the first woman governor of wyoming ?
who was made the first honorary citizen of the u . s . ?
what catch 22 character is elected mayor of half a dozen italian cities ?
why are the rooftops in canada green ?
who played for the chicago bears , houston oilers and oakland raiders in a 26 year pro football career ?
who first oke the sound barrier ?
where is los vegas ?
name the product that is at your grocer s , at your fingertips .
who claims to have the greatest show on earth ?
ray charles plays which instrument ?
what is the fear of frogs ?
why are eggs supposed to be stored small end down ?
how did u . s . a become involved in the barbary wars
what do japanese school uniforms look like ?
what is the term for someone who hates mankind ?
what botanical marvel did nebuchadnezzar build ?
name the four horsemen of the apocalypse .
what s the nearest star to earth ?
who played the title role in my favorite martian ?
what is a nanometer ?
what would you add to the clay mixture to produce bone china ?
how did the tradition of best man start ?
what chemical in red wine is good for the heart and what exactly does it do to your body ?
what are boxcars ?
what is the oldest ethnological museum in the world ?
what buxom blonde appeared on the cover of more than 5 magazines ?
what are the lengths of pearl necklaces ?
what is the origin of the word posh ?
what is the difference between jazz and blues ?
what is a caldera ?
what is the name of kevin costner s movie about sioux indians ?
how many feet long is a baseball pitcher s rubber ?
what female faith healer wrote the inspirational book i believe in miracles ?
how many people have been killed in wars , armed conflicts ?
what room did w . c . fields keep his liary in ?
what is the medical term for cancer of the blood ?
what s the closest g2 spectrum yellow dwarf to earth ?
what does ouija mean ?
what is a fear of machinery ?
what country contains the westernmost point in south america ?
when was the first wall street journal published ?
how many engines does a boeing 737 have ?
what is the difference between a classical and an acoustic guitar ?
who holds the nfl record for most touchdowns in a season ?
what is a usb port on a computer ?
what species is a colt ?
what are bellworts ?
what african country is governed from ouagadougou ?
what is another name for nearsightedness ?
whose funeral train traveled from washington d . c . to springfield , illinois ?
what are the arabic numerals from 1 to 10 ?
what is the name of a greek god ?
where is the taj mahal ?
how many years of bad luck follow eaking a mirror ?
what is eagle s syndrome styloid process ?
what is a fear of money ?
who is the director of the international group called the human genome organization , hugo , that is trying to coordinate gene mapping research worldwide ?
how do you identify prime numbers ?
what was the nationality of jackson pollock ?
what state is mount mckinley in ?
how is easter sunday s date determined ?
what is artificial intelligence ?
how long does cocaine stay in your system ?
what is the web address at which i can find the e mail address of a member of the us house of representatives ?
what weapon did the crossed slits in english castles accommodate ?
who portrayed the man without a face in the movie of the same name ?
what british tv series featured emma peel ?
what kind of suit did true hepcats wear in 1942 ?
what are pushed and coupled in hump yards ?
what does a heliologist study ?
what program do i need to run a . tbk file ?
how much does a poodle weigh ?
in what movie is the number nine found in the title ?
who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
what country is the worlds leading supplier of cannabis ?
how many times was pitcher , warren spahn , a 20 game winner in his 21 major league seasons ?
how do you tell somebody you like them ?
what u . s . state does the continental divide leave to enter canada ?
what are the seven deadly sins ?
who was bonnie blue butler s father ?
how many canadians emmigrate each year ?
what is megan s law ?
how do i get another city s newspaper ?
how many were in attendance at the last supper ?
what is the oldest profession ?
what is the biggest thing humans have made ?
what did n t rocky marciano do in his pro boxing career ?
what s the most popular form of idge ?
who is the richest person in the world , without owning a business ?
what do pointed letters mean to a handwriting analyst ?
what is the kashmir issue ?
what is the most famous german word in the english language ?
what are the medical purposes of clitoridectomy ?
what is time ?
how deep is a fathom ?
how do i make fuel icks from recycled newspaper ?
what is a urologist ?
why were people recruited for the vietnam war ?
how many years make up a lustrum ?
what is dr . ruth s last name ?
what is the average cost for four years of medical school ?
when did the berlin wall go up ?
what 1981 candice bergen jacqueline bisset movie was a remake of 1943 s old acquaintance ?
what are the first six words of dickens s a tale of two cities ?
what actor dressed up as santa claus and had a once a year affair with actress shelley winters every christmas for many years ?
what s the u . s . navy hymn ?
what president to be was the first member of congress to enlist following the attack on pearl harbor ?
what are the first ten amendements passed ?
what is alice cooper s real name ?
where are diamonds mined ?
where is the abominable snowman said to wander ?
what is a fear of stings ?
what are the largest deserts in the world ?
who earns their money the hard way ?
how many websites are there in the world ?
when was the nfl established ?
where can i find the history of the taiwanese language ?
when was cnn s first oadcast ?
where does most of the marijuana entering the united states come from ?
what company tabulates the ballots in voting for the academy awards ?
what percent of world s fresh water is found in canada ?
how many layers does a bottle of yoo hoo settle into ?
what revelation did alexander butterfield make to the senate watergate committee ?
how do you get rid on woodpeckers ?
what is the shape of a football as stated in the nfl rulebook ?
what are the distinct physical characterstics of the arabian horse ?
how is an executioner determined ?
how many states did richard nixon carry in 1972 ?
what color bottles do good rhine wines come in ?
how many people in the usa say their number one source of information is the newspaper ?
what u . s . city s skyline boasts the gateway arch ?
what s the shape of a camel s spine ?
who was the prophet of the jewish people ?
what park contains firehole river and fairy falls ?
what occupation has the highest divorce rate ?
what ivy league school plays its home games at palmer stadium ?
what is the abeviation for micro ?
name a female figure skater .
where can i find free piano scores for popular music ?
what is a camel hair ush actually made out of ?
define sinn fein .
what did people use to freshen their eath before toothpaste ?
what is a fear of robbers ?
what are the major differences in the catholic and methodist religions ?
who said give me liberty or give me death ?
what kinds of animals are in cambodia ?
what s the red planet ?
what is a research expedition in mountain climbing ?
what is the weather like on the moon ?
where did the term 86 come from ?
why does a candle go out when we blow on it ?
who was the president of vichy france ?
name the ranger who was always after yogi bear .
cnn is an acronym for what ?
which is heavier cream or milk ?
what is the origin of the expression tout de suite ?
how much salt is in the oceans ?
what argentine revolutionary fought with castro and died in bolivia in may , 1979 ?
what two commanders directed the forces in the battle of el alamein ?
what is the definition of cosmology ?
how much did manchester united spend on players in 1993 ?
what are the only players eligible to score points in roller derby called ?
what product does mrs . olsen promote ?
what s the percentage of children aged two through eleven who watch the simpsons ?
how many freckles does howdy doody have on his face ?
what celeity couple , when going through a divorce , divided their toilet paper into two equal piles ?
what is the best online games site ?
what month did the edmund fitzgerald sink ?
colin powell is most famous for what ?
what is ram in the computer ?
what is the design of the ship titanic ?
what title did suzette charles assume for two months in 1984 ?
what developed a crack in 1835 while tolling the death of u . s . chief justice john marshall ?
what s the term for a limestone deposit rising from the floor of a cave ?
who owns the st . louis rams ?
when did the supercontinent pangaea eak up ?
how many mines can still be found in the falklands after the war ended ?
what team did baseball s st . louis browns become ?
what s a short ton ?
at christmas time , what is the traditional thing to do under the mistletoe ?
what is boston kreme ?
describe the long march .
how can i search for a word within my own webpage ?
what kind of women gave sigmund freud erotic dreams ?
what kind of creature is a coot ?
which classical spanish writer said all that glitters is not gold ?
what does the statue of liberty wear on her feet ?
who founded the unification church ?
what year was the first automobile manufactured ?
who s baby was sweet pea on the popeye cartoon ?
why do recipe books recommend starting with cold water when you boil something ?
who was the pride of the yankees ?
what do you do when your mouse is n t working as fast as it s supposed to ?
what does the abeviation cwt . ?
what are the components of polyester ?
what city is found in the city of oz ?
where is tornado alley ?
who is the prime minister in norway ?
who led the normans to victory in the battle of hastings ?
when is the jimmy buffett concert coming to the e center in camden nj ?
how many people in tucson ?
what do west indian steel bands use as instruments ?
how many milligrams are in a gram ?
how do vending machines tell if your dollar is a 1 or a 5 ?
what college produced the most winning super bowl quarterbacks ?
how many calories are there in soy sauce ?
what was the 24 disc john gabel entertainer the first example of , in 1960 ?
what was the first u . s . based team in the nhl ?
how many watts make a kilowatt ?
what is meant by capital market ?
how is silk screening done ?
why do people get calluses ?
how do movie blues screens work ?
which of the following men was not married to rita hayworth ?
what is a virtual ip address ?
how many warmup pitches does a reliever get coming into a baseball game ?
who was camp david named for ?
where is windsor castle ?
where can i find a review of nightmare on elm street in a film journal ?
how do i check if my modem is v . 9 compatible ?
how much of the nation s children between the ages of two and eleven watch the simpsons ?
what melts in your mouth , not in your hands .
what is doegs ?
what impenetrable system of french fortifications was built along the german frontier before world war ii ?
when is boxing day ?
name the ranger who was always after yogi bear .
what is the most number of goals scored by a single team in an nhl hockey game ?
what horse did zorro ride ?
what country and western singer is known as the silver fox ?
when did humans first begin to write history seriously ?
when did spielberg direct jaws ?
what is hydrogen ?
what is the fastest growing state in the u . s . a . in 1998 ?
what s the word for oken glass or sharp rocks embedded in cement on top of a wall ?
how long do hermit crabs live ?
who is charles lindbergh ?
what is george lucas s e mail address ?
what is the name of the inventor of silly putty ?
what did san francisco s milt harper grow that measured 24 inches from tip to tip in 1974 ?
what is dew point ?
what percentage of children between the ages of two and eleven watch the simpsons ?
what is the main language of sao paulo , brazil ?
what s the second biggest selling magazine in america ?
what makes you fat ?
where on the internet can i find information on laundry detergent ?
what does the ouarterly review of doublespeak call an inoperative statement ?
what is a movie that kevin costner made about sioux indians ?
what is damage to business and government caused by bureaucracy ?
how do they raise the cranes when building high rise buildings ?
what drink is the best thirst quencher ?
what high school does archie attend ?
who is the composer of canon in d major ?
what do camels store in their humps ?
what is a fear of crystals or glass ?
who s the founder and editor of the national review ?
what nationality is pope john paul ii ?
how much calcium should an adult female have daily ?
how much money was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
what is nicholas cage s occupation ?
who betrayed norway to the nazis ?
how long has l . l . cool j . been married ?
what is a hormone ?
name a band which was famous in the 1960 s .
what does gringo mean ?
what are the seven wonders of the world ?
who was the star of leave it to beaver ?
what kind of people took part in shays rebellion in massachusetts in 1787 ?
how do i keep cats out of my flower garden for good ?
what is the half life of p 32 ?
what does idle mean ?
what are super balls made of ?
who sued the dannon yougurt company for using a character named ron raider for promotion ?
what was the orca s name that died of a fungal infection at sea world ?
what city boasts the billingsgate fishmarket ?
how did shipyard inspector james j . kilroy designate equipment as being satisfactory ?
what comedian hit the tv screen in 1951 with the nbc afternoon show time for ernie ?
what money was used here ?
what are the three most successful companies of our time ?
how do i legally make my own will and testament ?
who is the queen mother ?
how many flavors does baskin robbins offer ?
how many hours of work does it take a typist to complete a 100 page screenplay ?
jude law was in what movie ?
how many teaspoons make up a tablespoon ?
what makes a tornado turn ?
name the highest mountain .
what literary classic centers on the search for a treasure in gold worth 7 , 0 pounds ?
what are the signs of a country going into a recession ?
what is a common anti aids drug ?
who was the first american in space ?
what wrestling star became the incredible hulk ?
why is the development of space so important ?
what is the folklore story regarding birds nests and birds in christmas trees ?
when was the first successful heart transplant for a human ?
what is flintknapping ?
what does the word camaro mean , from the gm car the camaro ?
how was teddy roosevelt related to fdr ?
what is federal income tax ?
where can i find a list of all the companies in america that offer a direct stock purchase plan ?
what were the first frozen foods ?
who was the first x man to die in battle ?
when was the hoover dam constructed ?
when did the royal wedding of prince andrew and fergie take place ?
what is the c programming language ?
where does mother angelica live ?
what is home banking ?
how much does it cost to have a tree planted by dialing , 900 , 740 tree ?
what country contains africa s northernmost point ?
what is ethology ?
what is the current population for these countries france , spain , italy , greece , austria , germany , switzerland , the netherlands ?
when was china s first nuclear test ?
what stephen sondheim ballad ends well , maybe next year . . . ?
what american actress was the first to be called a vamp ?
what did vasco da gama discover ?
what s the name of the tampa newspaper ?
what fast food magnate s initials graced the left sleeve of the san diego padres baseball uniforms in 1984 ?
what was fred astaire s dancing partner s name ?
what does the name alexandra mean ?
what did mr . magoo flog on tv for general electric ?
what southeast asian country has the wang river joining the ping river at tak ?
what is the highest continent ?
who was considered to be the father of psychology ?
who is nicolo paganini ?
which of many numbered vats of scotch was judged best by a panel of experts in 1863 ?
why did the chicken cross the road ?
silly putty was invented by whom ?
what was the name of the protestant revolt against the supremacy of the pope ?
what do the 12 days of christmas mean ?
what steps can be taken to prevent diabetes ?
what american poet wrote good fences make good neighbors ?
what incident of 1933 did the german nazis use to justify emergency decrees , imprisoning opponents and vesting more power in themselves ?
what country did king gustav v reign over from 197 to 195 ?
what are the current immigration laws in us ?
what was the rallying cry of the early american revolutionaries ?
how many continents are there ?
what caused the division between the anglicans and the vatican ?
where did the term 69 come from ?
what was the number of assassinations and attempts to assassinate in the u . s . since 1865 ?
what is the difference between a bachelor and a 1 bedroom apartment ?
what country was the setting of you only live twice ?
what piece of jewelry is pictured on monopoly s luxury tax space ?
what is the name of the song that dracula plays on the organ ?
what word occurs 46 , 227 times in the bible ?
how do cameras take pictures ?
how do you convert foot pounds to foot inches ?
how many people hike ?
what gender is not allowed to vote in kuwait ?
what is the nature of learning ?
what was the top box office movie in april 1998 ?
what is the size of the student body at the university of massachusetts in amherst ?
what indian tribe is f troop perpetually doing battle with ?
what did jack exchange with the butcher for a handful of beans ?
what does venus retrograde mean ?
what category does the color pink denote in the trivial pursuit baby boomer edition ?
what was the great britain population from 1699 172 ?
what is the ightest star visible from earth ?
what group starred in the movie rock around the clock ?
what type of animal is the easiest kept pet there is ?
what rock group raised a ruckus at the white house by singing american woman ?
what is the only cigarette made with no leftovers ?
what organ contains the islands of langerhans ?
what is linux ?
what is the most widely cultivated plant ?
colin powell is famous for what ?
when are the oscars academy awards in 1999 ?
what is a good book to read for people who hate to read ?
the jewish alphabet is known as what ?
who was the first man to return to space ?
what were the ceremony traditions like during the elizabethian times ?
what s the difference and advantages of selecting a super vhs vcr over plain vhs model ?
in 139 the papal court was forced to move from rome to where ?
what are differences between 1980 and 1990 ?
what do we call the imaginary line along the top of the rocky mountains ?
what is a fear of motion ?
what is splatterpunk ?
what president s favorite biblical quotation was come now , and let us reason together .
what was joe namath s first contract worth ?
what is the country of origin for the name thomas ?
which airplane was fawaz younis convicted of hijacking ?
why should cigarette smoking be banned ?
what is neaska s most valuable resource ?
what is measured in curies ?
what does psi stand for ?
name a civil war battlefield .
what are the names of the different toes ?
what war did the potsdam conference follow ?
what is the name of the vaccine for chicken pox ?
what was the man s name who was killed in a duel with aaron burr ?
what carries sperm up into the pelvic region ?
what are faults in the earth s crust ?
what is the name of david letterman s dog ?
where is kings canyon ?
what type of food makes you fat ?
what president served for five years , six months and 2 days ?
what are two plants that clothes are made from ?
who won the battle of gettysburg ?
what is a phalanx ?
who is the youngest of the beatles ?
what are my legal rights in an automobile repossession in california ?
how can people from ireland come to the u . s . , work , and then return to ireland ?
the film jaws was made in what year ?
who is the french literary charcter who is chiefly famous for his enormous nose ?
what broadway musical was inspired by cervantes s don quixote ?
how did people respond to the idea of the first millenium ?
what is so powerful about power bars ?
when was london s docklands light railway constructed ?
who played al jolson in the jolson story ?
how can i transport files from one computer to another ?
where s the 19th hole on a golf course ?
what were popular songs and types of songs in the 1920s ?
what s the setting of john le carre s a small town in germany ?
what is the number of american soldiers deployed to south korea ?
what does an emperor do ?
what is capitalism according to max weber ?
what u . s . city is known as the rubber capital of the world ?
what is after death ?
what russian novel emacing more the 5 characters is set in the napoleonic wars ?
how can i gain access to a spy satelite ?
how loud is thunder ?
name the disposable razor that costs about 19 cents .
what do you call a twirl in ballet ?
what is a fear of gravity ?
what were the names of the three ships used by columbus ?
who invented baseball ?
who wrote the red badge of courage ?
how can i determine the radius of an ellipse ?
where does chocolate come from ?
what is the difference between terry cloth and french terry ?
what are dinosaur droppings called ?
what country has the highest arson rate ?
what letter appears on the cold water tap in spain ?
what s the name of the tiger that advertises for frosted flakes cereal ?
what is the recommended weight of a 15 year old male that is 5 , 6 ?
what city is often called the insurance capital of the world ?
where were the 196 summer olympics held ?
what can communications satellites offer yachts ?
why were red m ms discontinued then ought back ?
what is the historical relationship of catholic church and bingo ?
where does the weird shape of the dinner fish knife originate from ?
where can i find information on becoming a journalist ?
why is the mile 528 feet ?
what is the highest waterfall in the united states ?
what will the california gas tax be in the year 2000 ?
what s a male cuckquean ?
why is poop sometimes different colors ?
how many cubic feet of space does a gallon of water occupy ?
what country s national passenger rail system is called via ?
what does extended definition mean and how would one write a paper on it ?
what 1956 grace metalious novel was on the best seller list for two years ?
what s new in the postal world in 1999 ?
what is your favorite color ?
what does the word meta mean ?
what is garry kasparov famous for ?
what does saute mean ?
what net game sees its women s world amateur champions receive the uber cup ?
what do penguins eat ?
what j . r . r . tolkien book features gimli as a central character ?
what are some chemical properties of mendelevium ?
what is the second highest mountain peak in the world ?
what foods contain the most protein ?
how long was the tv mission of star trek s enterprise to be ?
what product is for kids , and not for silly rabbits ?
who made the first surfboard ?
where is the mayo clinic ?
what is hypertext ?
who discovered imaginary numbers ?
what is the nickname of the cleveland indians ?
where is the kalahari desert ?
what mountainous region of the world is the lhasa apso dog native to ?
what argentine boxer was shot dead outside a nevada othel in may ?
what is zionism ?
what piano company claims its product is the instrument of the immortals ?
how many eyes does a bat have ?
what frederick forsyth novel chronicles the toppling of an african government by mercenaries ?
what is the origin of the name katie ?
why are there letters on the telephone ? why are there no q or z ?
why was the l . a . office of shea and gould closed ?
how many member states are in the un ?
where did guinea pigs originate ?
define cosmology .
what is the 401 , k , plan ?
what is deconstructionism ?
what drink is made up of rum , coconut milk and pineapple ?
who was the first black golfer to tee off in the masters ?
how do i know if i am pregnant ?
what kind of fruit is a yellow transparent ?
which college did dikembe mutombo attend ?
what mayor made so many tv appearances he was asked to join aftra in 1984 ?
what does caliente translate to in english ?
what was spawned the term mig alley ?
how many propellers helped power the plane the wright others flew into history ?
who fired maria ybarra from her position in san diego council ?
what constellation is known as the water bearer ?
what is the real name of the singer , madonna ?
what series of trials followed world war ii ?
what fraction of a beaver s life is spent swimming ?
what is the difference between the koran and the bible ?
who founded the people s temple commune ?
what is office automation ?
how do i find a web address for a company ?
what kind of wine is spumante ?
how do you box train a cat ?
how long does it take for your body to restore blood after you donate your blood ?
what two countries are linked by the brenner pass ?
how many people did randy craft kill ?
what do river otters eat ?
what happens to the female body with lack of sleep and food ?
what polynesian people inhabit new zealand ?
how do clouds form ?
when was babe ruth born ?
how does general mills manufacture cheerios ?
what sea is bombay on ?
what flower did vincent van gogh paint ?
what is the chance of conceiving quadruplets ?
what disease is transmitted by the anopheles mosquito ?
what non conformist abstract painter was dubbed jack the dripper by time ?
what day is known as the national day of prayer ?
how do you make a million bucks ?
what country is mount everest in ?
what s the second lightest element ?
what u . s . state is fort knox in ?
what does e pluribus unum on the penny mean ?
what s the term for an organism that lives on or in another ?
what is the and name of the chemical daminozide ?
what was john steinbeck s travelling companion charley ?
what famous actress made her first appearance on stage at the age of five in the year 191 as baby ?
what ethnic group introduced the idea of potlatch ?
what tv show premiered on january 15 , 1981 ?
where is the rose bowl played ?
what does b . y . o . b . mean ?
what baseball great plugged mr . coffee ?
how many seats does the batmobile sport ?
what was the target rate for m3 growth in 1992 ?
what country is home to heineken beer ?
how do i contact answers . com ?
what enigmatic u . s . vice president was once tried and acquitted for treason in a plot to set up his own independent empire in the west ?
where is the thomas edison museum ?
who is known as the world s oldest teenager ?
in what year did china and the republic of korea establish diplomatic relations ?
what s the largest letter in salvador dali s signature ?
what are the world s three largest oceans , in order of size ?
what did john hinckley do to impress jodie foster ?
which major diamond producer is based in south africa ?
what woman has carried the most multiple births , twins , triplets , etc . , ?
how many years is johnnie walker black label aged ?
what sinatra hit did he dooby dooby do in ?
how long does it take the typical hen to lay 19 dozen eggs ?
what good little witch is casper s girlfriend ?
what does lol mean ?
how does hair curl ?
what is the belt of low pressure around the equator called ?
which doonesbury character was likely to turn into a werewolf ?
what was eduard shevardnadze s job in the soviet union ?
what is endometriosis ?
what is smokey the bear s middle name ?
what is carpal tunnel syndrome ?
what state on the gulf of mexico has its lowest point five feet below sea level ?
what does r . e . m . stand for , as in the rock group r . e . m . ?
what is win rah ?
what is smartnet ?
what is one of the languages of the sioux ?
who recorded the 1957 hit tammy ?
what city did the mormons establish as their headquarters in 1847 ?
which type of submarine was bought recently by south korea ?
what russian seaport has a name meaning lord of the east ?
what girl s name is teddy an affectionate form of ?
what does saliva consist of ?
how do you look up criminal records on the internet ?
what is a gandy dancer ?
what is the quantity of american soldiers still unaccounted for from the vietnam war ?
where are good science sites on the internet ?
what was simple simon fishing for in his mother s pail ?
what group included abbey hoffman , jerry rubin , and tom hayden ?
who was the first black to be head coach of a major league pro sports team ?
what u . s . state s biggest lake is lake sam rayburn ?
what percentage of american men are alcoholic ?
where is natchitoches , louisiana ?
what is the occupation of nicholas cage ?
what does it take to be a hero ?
name of the powerful white trader in conrad s heart of darkness ?
in beetle bailey , can you name sarge s dog ?
what does the channel espn stand for ?
why do n t you guys have some sort of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ?
what line of candy products included super skrunch and peanut butter oompas ?
what is prepared mustard ?
